How long in advance can I cancel the reservation without charge?	Td
Could we try to climb that hill?	Tu
Which piste is the longest?	Td
Did he marry her?	Tu
Why is he bringing it up now?	Td
Where do you develop your films?	Td
How long is it?	Td
What station do you want to listen to?	Td
What's bringing you here?	Td
What are you talking about?	Td
Where is the nearest car service?	Td
Will you fix a flat tire?	Tu
Well then?	Tu
What are they doing there?	Td
Where can I get the book?	Td
Is this exam necessary in my case?	Tu
Do you have draft beer?	Tu
What about the left over food?	Td
How do you put up with it?	Td
Did you get laid?	Tu
Is it possible to get there without a guide?	Tu
Can I borrow this line marker?	Tu
What is troubling you?	Td
What time do you get up?	Td
Is this a two passenger jet ski?	Tu
Where is the nearest pay phone?	Td
Was he fiend or angel, genius or destroyer, future master of the long haul or predestined burnout?	Td
The one with the tic in the speedometer so its top speed is either 45 or 85?	Tu
Did you like the movie?	Tu
What am I supposed to do?	Td
What's the next station?	Td
Who is to blame?	Td
What is the risk of infection?	Td
How tall is he?	Td
Can I talk to your superior?	Tu
What have I done wrong?	Td
Is it you?	Tu
Which application should I use to open the file?	Td
How long have they been together?	Td
How much is it altogether?	Td
What are you trying to achieve this way?	Td
Which one will you take?	Td
Is it working yet?	Tu
Who will you side with?	Td
Is it for me?	Tu
Isn't it a bit too much?	Tu
What's his point?	Td
What's come over you?	Td
Have you been drinking?	Tu
Could you take us to some good bar?	Tu
Can he be trusted?	Tu
What if she did not come to the rock?	Td
OK?	Tu
What did I do to you?	Td
Until when should I wait?	Td
What did he say?	Td
May I go now?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on the train?	Tu
Is there any other way to get there?	Tu
Are you fucking crazy?	Tu
Is it still raining?	Tu
Can you forgive me?	Tu
Can we have a high chair?	Tu
Didn't I tell you?	Tu
And how about tomorrow?	Td
Where was I?	Td
How much would the bail be?	Td
Why is it that even the most high-minded films have tended to romanticize acute alcoholism?	Td
When did they arrive?	Td
Do you know who you are talking to?	Tu
What time does it start?	Td
How old are you, daddy?	Td
How many people think like you?	Td
What's your favorite color?	Td
What time will he come?	Td
Clever, huh?	Tu
How much would a new battery cost?	Td
Where have you been all day?	Td
Do you understand me?	Tu
What is it for?	Td
Do you have any vacancies?	Tu
Can you help me to push-start the car?	Tu
How is it played?	Td
Can you open the trunk?	Tu
What will you achieve this way?	Td
Would you be so kind as to open the window?	Tu
Could we play tennis around here?	Tu
Do you rent boats?	Tu
Who else?	Td
If Anderson is guilty, how did a man of undisputed intelligence, with influential friends, display such recklessness?	Td
How long before departure should I be at the airport?	Td
What time do you knock off?	Td
Where can we park our car?	Td
Will there be more attacks?	Tu
What time is the train due?	Td
How could a figure so calculated and artificial, so clinical and strangely antiseptic, so stripped of genuine eroticism have become the icon of her generation?	Td
Are they having an affair?	Tu
Can a feisty robotic rover exploring Mars do the same for another generation?	Tu
Can I have it back?	Tu
Is there any truth to the belief that an egg can be stood on its end during the equinox?	Tu
Is any other insurance included in the price?	Tu
When will it be ready?	Td
Have you locked the door?	Tu
Where can I do some fishing around here?	Td
Did you send?	Tu
How often do you see him?	Td
How much will it cost?	Td
Is there any point in it?	Tu
What is he up to?	Td
Can you actually imagine that?	Tu
Will you cover for me?	Tu
Is it going to be a big wedding?	Tu
Why should you go there?	Td
But who is Miss Right?	Td
How much do you temper sympathy with congratulations?	Td
Is it urgent?	Tu
How long does the flight take?	Td
Even he argued?	Tu
What would you like?	Td
Where did you come by this?	Td
Which one of you is coming?	Td
How does it fasten?	Td
Could we move it to Monday?	Tu
What's your problem?	Td
Where is the drugstore here?	Td
What is included in the price?	Td
Did she say anything at all?	Tu
When is the lunch break?	Td
What was she wearing?	Td
Are you sleeping?	Tu
Aren't you biased against him?	Tu
What do you believe is the biggest misperception that the American people have about you as a man and a candidate?	Td
How about going to the beach?	Tu
Can I use your hotel gym?	Tu
Was she admitted to university?	Tu
How do you feel about global outsourcing and offshoring?	Td
Do you work out on a regular basis?	Tu
Can I get off during the cruise?	Tu
What's the point of it?	Td
Is this amount refundable?	Tu
Where has he come from?	Td
How far?	Tu
Does it hurt?	Tu
Would you like to eat something?	Tu
Do I pay for the prescription?	Tu
Can an old no-no word define a media genre?	Tu
Can you pick me up here in an hour?	Tu
How many times had immigration agents questioned my legality and my humanity?	Td
At what time can you serve breakfast?	Td
What's the magic word?	Td
What are you playing at?	Td
Need I say more?	Tu
How about a shot of vodka?	Td
How would you describe it?	Td
Will it be hard?	Tu
What language would you prefer?	Td
Can we get clean towels please?	Tu
Why expend your precious strength holding up walls that already stand up on their own?	Td
What was your reason for doing it?	Td
What kind of question is this?	Td
Who put you onto this?	Td
What's that grub-thief got to do with it?	Td
How is he coping?	Td
And his mother tolerates it?	Tu
How does it look?	Td
Where is the nearest accommodation facility?	Td
Did you sleep well?	Tu
How much money do you have left?	Td
What's on at the cinema?	Td
What do you need?	Td
Would you like coffee or tea?	Td
Is that why she left him?	Tu
As late as that?	Tu
How did you fare?	Td
What time does the game start?	Td
What does the tour include?	Td
What does it indicate?	Td
Where did you get that?	Td
Have you ever made love to a girl?	Tu
How long are you going to stay?	Td
Worried that jeggings will make you look bigger than you really are?	Tu
Who has ever seen it?	Td
Have you seen it yet?	Tu
Do you have problems with hooligans?	Tu
Where did I go wrong?	Td
For how much?	Td
How do we fairly allocate compensation for past collective sins against a bygone generation?	Td
Did you try the sweater on?	Tu
Would you like something to drink?	Tu
What good is it?	Td
Are there any free chairs?	Tu
Did you enjoy your meal?	Tu
Do you still love him?	Tu
Are you not hot?	Tu
Could you take me to the nearest gas station?	Tu
Are they going to stay for a long time?	Tu
Do you have a place to stay in?	Tu
So tomorrow week?	Tu
Do you know how to deal with it?	Tu
How deep can I dive?	Td
Are you crazy?	Tu
Do you want me to light the fireplace?	Tu
Is the clock accurate?	Tu
What's the matter?	Td
Where should I punch the ticket?	Td
Is it humanly possible?	Tu
Why ever not?	Td
Can you describe it in more detail?	Tu
Like what's a sacred cow, shutterbug, social butterfly or mouse potato?	Td
Have I left anything out?	Tu
Who's forcing you?	Td
You are a rude, thoughtless little pig, okay?	Tu
Is she your wife?	Tu
Could you explain it to me?	Tu
Am I late?	Tu
Who did you last call?	Td
Can you check the bill, please?	Tu
What is the matter?	Td
So how did you do?	Td
Is it wrong to say no when someone asks you to be a godparent?	Tu
Do you have these spare parts?	Tu
Where did they go?	Td
How do I get there?	Td
Will you see to it that it is done in time?	Tu
How many times can we hear someone claim to be awesome before we start questioning that awesomeness ourselves?	Td
Are there any suggestions?	Tu
How many miles are included in the price?	Td
Have we met before?	Tu
How should I report someone burning trash or a bonfire?	Td
Do you have any children?	Tu
Which one do you want?	Td
Would you like beer or something stronger?	Td
When are they coming?	Td
Is this your first time here?	Tu
How long has it been since you saw a hitchhiker?	Td
Meaning yes?	Tu
Do you have a girlfriend?	Tu
Who's taking care of it?	Td
When can you start?	Td
Can I rent another car around here?	Tu
How does your wager look now?	Td
Is there a nearer airport?	Tu
What is your family relationship?	Td
Whom should I ask?	Td
Can I have it in smaller notes?	Tu
Isn't it too heavy for you?	Tu
Who could have suspected this?	Td
What are you looking for?	Td
Do you think all people who drink alcohol are neglectful parents or alcoholic?	Tu
Have you already ordered?	Tu
Do you pluck your eyebrows?	Tu
Will he ever come back?	Tu
What impression do you get from it?	Td
Do you wear glasses?	Tu
Heads or tails?	Td
What's come over him?	Td
When do we meet?	Td
Would you care for some juice?	Tu
Who will benefit from it?	Td
But you did buy it, right?	Tu
Is it me or is Texas receiver Roy Williams the most overrated player in college football?	Td
Is he a genius or a jackass, fiend or fathead?	Td
Could random, purposeless evolution really have transformed biotic ooze into Beethoven?	Tu
What are you laughing at?	Td
Is there a gas station near here?	Tu
May I go?	Tu
By what time should we vacate our room?	Td
Where did he disappear to?	Td
Will you give us an interview?	Tu
Whose responsibility is this?	Td
Can I come with you?	Tu
Where is the nearest mailbox?	Tu
Can I go ahead and wait on the top?	Tu
How much more work do you have to do?	Td
Can you arrange tickets for us?	Tu
What's on your mind?	Td
Alpha, Bravo do you read me?	Tu
What are you cooking?	Td
Right?	Tu
But what happens when that neutral center meets the still segregated increasingly segregated neighborhoods?	Td
What bothers you about it?	Td
How do you explain it?	Td
You were not there, were you?	Tu
Where can we get some workout here?	Td
As a substitute, is agar-agar any better than cornstarch?	Tu
Can I let my dog run loose here?	Tu
Can you wake me up at seven, please?	Tu
How long does the train stop here?	Td
What kind of moron management changes a perfectly nice uniform after back-to-back world championships?	Td
Do you have anything to add?	Tu
Who ordered you to do this?	Td
Could it be that they don't know about it?	Tu
Can I borrow your car?	Tu
Would you fancy coming?	Tu
What exams will I need?	Td
But what can you do?	Td
Why was my complaint rejected?	Td
How about taking him out somewhere?	Td
What the hell was she doing in Paris anyway, and what was she doing with this bozo?	Td
Who does it belong to?	Td
What kind of material is it?	Td
Can this choppy assemblage of familiar complaints be a parody of television earnestness?	Tu
Am I supposed to believe it?	Tu
Would you accept it?	Tu
What crawled up your ass?	Td
Can you show us to our cabin?	Tu
If I stop paying spousal support, can my ex-wife garnishee my Social Security, company pension or my IRA?	Tu
Can you show me there?	Tu
Are you trying to pick me up?	Tu
Is it boiling yet?	Tu
How am I supposed to take it?	Td
Who's leading?	Td
Have you seen that brokerage advertisement where the savvy professional woman gets treated like a ditz by some CEO?	Tu
Could you explain yourself a bit more clearly?	Tu
What does she look like?	Td
Can you change it for me?	Tu
Can you show me some leg exercises?	Tu
Are you interested in it?	Tu
Is spearfishing allowed here?	Tu
Who gave you the permission?	Td
Is living in the city better than living in the country?	Tu
Why don't you drop by tomorrow?	Td
That far?	Tu
How do you view it?	Td
Is there some refreshment available on board?	Tu
Does the dog bite?	Tu
Do you have a residence permit?	Tu
Is the trail suitable for older people?	Tu
Can you smell it?	Tu
Who's speaking?	Td
What time do we land?	Td
Will you tell me when to get off?	Tu
Isn't it too strong?	Tu
Where's the best place to fish?	Td
Is he alive?	Tu
How often does he come?	Td
What's the matter with him?	Td
So, what do you say now?	Td
When will you be free?	Td
Is there any extra charge for pets?	Tu
Could we do a sightseeing tour?	Tu
Have you closed the window?	Tu
Were city officials guilty of callousness or nonfeasance?	Tu
Where are the papers?	Td
May I come along?	Tu
So what's the big deal?	Td
Can you introduce us?	Tu
When should I take it?	Td
What have I done to you?	Td
Will you call me sometime?	Tu
What time do you lock up at night?	Td
Can I talk to you?	Tu
What are you watching?	Td
What does it feel like?	Td
Don't you know?	Tu
What's got into you?	Td
Are they wheelchair accessible?	Tu
Where does this bus go?	Td
Are you here alone?	Tu
Who is winning?	Td
May I?	Tu
Do we pay now or on departure?	Td
Who am I dealing with?	Td
Can you change a twenty euro note?	Tu
Could a player violently assault a male administrator and win reinstatement?	Tu
Can I try it on?	Tu
Do you have a family?	Tu
Will you give me a lift?	Tu
Have you ever played darts?	Tu
Sorry?	Tu
How about a little Bach in your brassiere?	Td
Do you have a different one?	Tu
Can I use your phone?	Tu
Can you hold your tongue?	Tu
Can't tell a resistor from a transistor and want to build a burglar alarm or a musical organ?	Tu
And what about that suitcase over there?	Td
Is it worth it?	Tu
Can you keep a secret?	Tu
Do you have another e-mail address?	Tu
When will you be back?	Td
Where do I check in?	Td
But can the birthplace of jazz truly be wiped from the face of the Earth?	Tu
How much was it?	Td
What did you say?	Td
What has taken you so long?	Td
When would suit you?	Td
Can I go now?	Tu
And what about the others?	Td
What is your wish?	Td
Is there any commentary during the cruise?	Tu
How can you say such a thing?	Td
What does it show?	Td
Do you know any good land around here?	Tu
What better way is there to close the gap between middle-class privilege and opportunities and lower-class despair and isolation?	Td
Can he be relied on?	Tu
What time is your bus due?	Td
If not now, when?	Tu
Do you stock oversizes?	Tu
So what does this mean for the moviegoer?	Td
How long does it take to get there on foot?	Td
Do you drink tap water?	Td
Are there any parts of town unwelcome to such cooperative, large-scale beautification projects?	Tu
Who has been tampering with my PC?	Td
Can I cross it out?	Tu
Have you washed the car?	Tu
Is it frosty here at night?	Tu
What are you up to?	Td
When do you close?	Td
Where can I get the tickets?	Td
Was it really necessary for the Chicago police to strip-search women arrested for traffic violations?	Tu
Can I store my bike in the basement?	Tu
Can I pay by card?	Tu
Where would you like to go?	Td
Will you take me there?	Tu
How often do you go there?	Td
How much is the electricity per day?	Td
How do we get to the stadium?	Td
What do we do now?	Td
Is the news credible?	Tu
How does it fit?	Td
They show us how ugly we can be, how poisonous and ill, so we may recoil and say, Whoa, you know what?	Tu
Which iron should I use now?	Td
Is the belay necessary?	Tu
What was I saying?	Td
How was it, you said?	Td
What's the profit?	Td
Who knows what the next year has in store for us?	Td
Why are you crying?	Td
Are you up?	Tu
Shall we dance?	Tu
Do I have to fill in all the blanks?	Tu
Have you ever been to the Statue of Liberty?	Tu
By what time must we vacate the room?	Td
Did you see the match yesterday?	Tu
Any advance on that?	Tu
Can we pitch a tent here?	Tu
Who's that?	Td
But more importantly, what the hell business is it of yours what I do for recreation?	Td
What kind of bullshit is this?	Td
How do you solve a problem like electronica?	Td
How much would it be to the airport?	Td
Can you replace it?	Tu
Can you teach me the basics of surfing?	Tu
Could I take unpaid leave?	Tu
Who taught you that?	Td
Do you understand English?	Tu
Haven't you heard about it?	Tu
Could this much really be riding on one tortuously complicated piece of legislation?	Tu
How old is he?	Td
When was the last time that you ate a mango or papaya, a kiwi, guava or a pomegranate?	Td
Shall we wait or go elsewhere?	Td
Can you do without this textbook?	Tu
Are you computer literate?	Tu
And what about him?	Tu
How long does the journey take?	Td
For when shall I get the tickets?	Td
What do you want from me?	Td
Can I take my one year old child to the wading pool?	Tu
Didn't you know it?	Tu
Where shall I put it?	Td
Will God use lies merely to scare men into subjection and keep the world in order?	Td
How do you do?	Td
What do you have in mind?	Td
Can you typewrite?	Tu
Do you want to go for a beer?	Tu
What's your e-mail address?	Td
Where is the switch?	Td
Can I keep my catch?	Tu
What do you expect from life?	Td
What is your favourite meal?	Td
What possessed you?	Td
And if so, are you pigheaded, delusional, or just plain nuts?	Td
Would you like beer, wine or something stronger?	Td
So how does it feel to be the judge, jury and executioner?	Td
What will you do with the money?	Td
What time does the hotel bar open?	Td
How long have you been waiting here?	Td
Will you help me do it?	Tu
Who scored?	Td
Can I buy you a lunch?	Tu
Whose child is it?	Td
How many times must I say it?	Td
Where is a sick bag?	Td
What have you done?	Td
What happened to you?	Td
What are you studying?	Td
Shall we sit at the bar?	Tu
Will it hurt?	Tu
Which counter is for posting parcels?	Td
When shall we meet?	Td
But who knew a flashlight, utility knife, screwdriver, reflective vest, digital tire gauge and safety flasher could fit in a bottle?	Td
Are these waters safe for surfing?	Tu
Do you live in an apartment building or in a house?	Td
Do you think it is allowed?	Tu
Who's in charge of it?	Td
Have you seen the girls?	Tu
What is the origin of the name and what is the correct pronunciation?	Td
Can we make fire here?	Tu
Can you give me a lift to the station?	Tu
Do you know it or is it a guess?	Td
What does the word mean?	Td
Why ostracize the president for saying that he wanted more Americans to have better opportunities through higher education?	Td
What is bothering you?	Td
How does a carmaker unlock the door to reaching distracted, elusive customers in an increasingly competitive category?	Td
How do I get to my mailbox?	Td
How best to broadcast your financial values and seek significant others who share your approach without coming off as a tightwad or a gold digger?	Td
What color is it?	Td
Do you drive to work?	Tu
When will you discharge me?	Td
How long should I take the medicine?	Td
Whose is this?	Td
Is there anybody here?	Tu
And what's the point of that?	Td
Can I use the ticket for the next flight?	Tu
Are there any interesting underwater cliffs?	Tu
How much is the cancellation fee?	Td
Is breakfast included in the price?	Tu
Could it be her who told him?	Tu
Would you believe this guy?	Tu
Who do you want to speak to?	Td
When is it over?	Td
Do you happen to have a couple of extra blankets?	Tu
Do you speak any foreign languages?	Tu
What about a swim?	Tu
Can you fix my flat tire?	Tu
Can I have it without ice?	Tu
Can you take me to the police station?	Tu
Are we going to go boat diving?	Tu
What do you do for a living?	Td
Can you make sense of this regulation?	Tu
Can you please inform my relatives?	Tu
Are we allowed to leave the trail?	Tu
Can you ride a horse?	Tu
Is this a misprint that increases the value of the coin?	Tu
What do you expect from it?	Td
Or is it mixing sexual perversity with political exhibitionism?	Tu
Will you hold it for me?	Tu
Who caused it?	Td
Can I talk to you for a second?	Tu
Are you asleep?	Tu
May I smoke here?	Tu
And how can I benefit from it?	Td
Do you know anything about engines?	Tu
How long will it take you?	Td
Can you see it too?	Tu
Are you looking forward to it?	Tu
Can you help me recline my seat?	Tu
Fancy a beer?	Tu
Or maybe a cute little hedgehog, ferret, chimpanzee, tarantula or boa constrictor?	Tu
How much did they charge for it?	Td
Looking for a little more oomph on the interest you earn on your old-fashioned savings account?	Tu
How is it spelled?	Td
Where did you put it?	Td
Where is the rest room, please?	Td
Have you done your homework yet?	Tu
How much did you spend?	Td
How deep is this pool?	Td
Is there life on other planets?	Tu
What's the purpose of your visit?	Td
Are you taking sleeping pills?	Tu
How do I get to the nearest bus stop to downtown?	Td
Do you have any dental floss?	Tu
Can you exchange it for me?	Tu
What is it about gardening in Houston that makes competent homeowners feel queasy at the thought of planting flowers around the mailbox?	Td
Is it better to have a mountain bike for this route?	Tu
How long have you known each other?	Td
How do you feel?	Td
What do you recommend?	Td
How many beers have you had?	Td
Who's turn is it?	Td
Which one is the largest?	Td
Why didn't they invite you?	Td
What's the exchange rate?	Td
Are you ready?	Tu
What took you so long?	Td
Can you comment on the efficacy and safety of nasal capsaicin for rhinitis, sinusitis or sinus headache?	Tu
Why did you do that?	Td
Who was she there with?	Td
What's your account number?	Td
Are you here on vacation or on business?	Td
Can you watch my bag?	Tu
Do you rent diving equipment?	Tu
And now what?	Td
There are so many problems here at home, why dump money into some foreign hellhole?	Td
What are your feelings for him?	Td
What stamp do I need for the Czech Republic?	Td
What does she want from you?	Td
How fast can you fix it?	Td
What time will you be there?	Td
How do you keep bath towels from developing white, colorless spots in the washing machine?	Td
Can I leave you for a moment?	Tu
Can you recommend a career counselor or headhunter?	Tu
Have you seen the film?	Tu
Will you keep me company?	Tu
Do you rate him among your friends?	Tu
Can we take that chair?	Tu
Are we all that sinless or are we just clueless?	Td
Shall I put on the CD?	Tu
Can I use my flash disk to download something?	Tu
Isn't it too expensive?	Tu
Is that for us?	Tu
Do you also have baby skis?	Tu
Something with bragging rights, something that would make friends ooh and aah?	Tu
Who has broken the window?	Td
What remains in the car?	Td
Are you sitting comfortably?	Tu
When will he come?	Td
What are your measurements?	Td
What does the law say?	Td
Must I go to the hospital?	Tu
Who can jump the highest?	Td
Are your folks coming?	Tu
Is there a park near here?	Tu
What gives you that idea?	Td
How much is a beer here?	Td
Where can we arrange a sightseeing tour?	Td
What muscles does this exercise work?	Td
How do we get to the Czech embassy?	Td
Where do you go in the summer?	Td
Have you ever tried it?	Tu
Have you kissed yet?	Tu
Why couldn't he tell me straight out?	Td
How much is this city map?	Tu
Can you show it to me on the map?	Tu
How's this car going to perform on ice?	Td
Are there any vacancies for today?	Tu
Who benefits from it?	Td
Can you recharge my battery?	Tu
Haven't you finished yet?	Tu
Need I go on?	Tu
Who won?	Td
What about the Peripatetic Patriot Act of 2003?	Td
Can you drive?	Tu
Where do I go for the exam?	Td
Such as?	Tu
Can we take a look inside?	Tu
What is the towing service number?	Td
Can I leave my car here?	Tu
How is that?	Td
Is it possible to climb to the top of the tower?	Tu
Rinse the green beans, marinate the eggplant, handle those Parmesan cups carefully, will ya?	Tu
Why not give her a call?	Td
Can you speak loudly and clearly?	Tu
Can you help me put the wet suit on?	Tu
Who is on duty?	Td
Did you get it?	Tu
What else did you expect?	Td
What time do you start work?	Td
Can computers become as destructively addictive to susceptible executives as alcohol, drugs, cigarettes, sex or work itself?	Tu
Could you please find out where it is?	Tu
Aren't you cold?	Tu
Will you stay overnight?	Tu
Where are you?	Td
What if Jeanne failed him?	Td
It's crazy, isn't it?	Tu
Who's been messing with my computer?	Td
What day is it today?	Td
How many children do they have?	Td
What are your hobbies?	Td
What more can one ask for?	Td
Are you from another planet?	Tu
How many more stops from here is it?	Td
Are there also ski runs for beginners here?	Tu
Did I wake you up?	Tu
Who is that lady?	Td
May I sunbathe topless here?	Tu
Can I take pictures here?	Tu
And what happened then?	Td
Isn't this yours?	Tu
Can I turn the heating down?	Tu
Which means you are not going there?	Tu
Where are the suntan lotions?	Td
How do we get to the public beach?	Td
Now, you do have to purchase seven nights at various hotels participating in the promotion, but airfare to Hawaii?	Tu
What does it mean for me?	Td
Have you had enough?	Tu
Now just what do you want to know?	Td
All right?	Tu
When do I breathe in?	Td
How much is it per day?	Td
Are you healthy?	Tu
What will airport security adduce, as a reason other than ethnic background, to justify special curiosity?	Td
How long should it rain?	Td
Why did you take it away from him?	Td
What's the score?	Td
What do you think of it?	Td
What's the catch?	Td
Who was driving?	Td
What are you planning for tonight?	Td
What difficulty level is it?	Td
Where did you hide it?	Td
Wait, who's this?	Td
Have you ever been on a plane?	Tu
Who will profit from it?	Td
What were you thinking?	Td
How do we get across the river?	Td
What is worrying you?	Td
Can you help me open the door?	Tu
What do you wish?	Td
Where else if not here?	Td
How much would be an all-day rental of this yacht?	Td
How long have you been here?	Td
Did you pass the exams?	Tu
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you?	Td
How do I switch to macro mode?	Td
Are there any bikeways around here?	Tu
Is there a swimming pool or lido near here?	Tu
When every last whistle-stop and handshake is thoroughly documented in print and on television, can there be anything more for a film maker to find?	Tu
Who is at fault?	Td
Do you know your way around Prague?	Tu
Who taught you to drive?	Td
So how will playing in high school, college, or even youth football leagues affect brain development?	Td
Where is the left luggage office?	Td
Shall I carry you?	Tu
How often do I need check ups?	Td
Or have they already devised one?	Tu
Will gobsmacked be a nonce word, passing through the language, soon to be forgotten?	Tu
We are in a depression, and we are supposed to ooh and ah as destructive machines of death do acrobatics above the Bay?	Tu
Is there a payphone here?	Tu
Can you give me a ride?	Tu
Could you show me the way?	Tu
There are some stories that are so outrageous, why would you want to fictionalize them?	Td
Where are they? Where indeed?	Td
What's the address of this place?	Td
I liked the idea of traveling so spontaneously, but without reservations, would I end up in a fleabag, or worse, with no room at all?	Td
What resolution does the camera have?	Td
How does it go on?	Td
Can I get my racket stringed here?	Tu
Who is going to be the next president?	Td
What is the name of this street?	Td
What has happened?	Td
Did you enjoy the party?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on board?	Tu
What got into you?	Td
What's your deal?	Td
Can you wait here for a moment?	Tu
How far along is she?	Td
Whose fault is that?	Td
What's in it for me?	Td
Have you got a moment?	Tu
Could you weigh it for me?	Tu
Well, what can I say to that?	Td
How come he is not here?	Td
Where does this go?	Td
Shall we swap places?	Tu
Where shall I get off?	Td
Where have you been?	Td
Are you here for the first time?	Tu
Would you be interested?	Tu
What is the date today?	Td
What are the visiting hours?	Td
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn?	Tu
At what time?	Td
Do you work with a computer?	Tu
May I ask you something?	Tu
Did she get into university?	Tu
Can we use the kitchen?	Tu
What is the maximum diving depth for a recreational diver like myself?	Td
Who are those people?	Td
How much should I withdraw?	Td
What's the bet?	Td
What time does the train leave?	Td
How to remove stains from the tablecloth?	Td
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?	Td
Where do the sightseeing cruises start?	Td
Can I try on these trousers?	Tu
How can we get to the ski lift?	Td
Do you carry oversizes?	Tu
How many times did you meet?	Td
What's your opinion of that?	Td
Where are you staying?	Td
Do you call this a good dinner?	Tu
And I thought, what if the werewolf can smell evil?	Td
Can I help you?	Tu
Do you take sugar?	Tu
What makes you think so?	Td
What can you do?	Td
What's his deal?	Td
Did you get that joke?	Tu
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil?	Td
What do you like doing best?	Td
Can we get there by car?	Tu
What's the car's horsepower?	Td
Is there a printer here?	Tu
Did you ask him about it?	Tu
Have you ever thought of settling down?	Tu
How many ants would an anteater eat, if an anteater could eat ants?	Td
The ring with the terrible power that causes everyone who comes near it to overact?	Tu
How much is a room for two people per night?	Td
What is it that makes you want to reach out and touch the impossible image of a hologram?	Td
What size is it?	Td
Can we camp here?	Tu
Would you like some more?	Tu
What is the signification of this peaceful revolution?	Td
Where do you live?	Td
Do you have a cheaper room?	Tu
Is this one reduced too?	Tu
Can I borrow it?	Tu
Is the new cop on the securities beat armed with a peashooter?	Tu
Can you take a picture of me with the fish?	Tu
Is it possible to sound crusty or confessional electronically?	Tu
How long will the treatment take?	Td
Have you decided yet?	Tu
Do you understand?	Tu
Can you give me your phone number?	Tu
It's true, isn't it?	Tu
Could we stay here a little while and take a look around?	Tu
Is our train on time?	Tu
How much do you make a month?	Td
Do you recognize me?	Tu
And what if something happened to her?	Td
Anything else?	Tu
Have I missed anything?	Tu
What's the matter with you?	Td
Is there avalanche danger here?	Tu
Where is it?	Td
What did you use to open it?	Td
Where, in other words, is the invisible linguistic threshold between hermetic isolation and communication?	Td
Where did you meet him?	Td
Could I rent a trailer as well?	Tu
What does it look like?	Td
Can you show me where my seat is?	Tu
Where is the hotel restaurant?	Td
Where does this road go to?	Td
Can you please forward my e-mail to him?	Tu
Do you rent golf equipment?	Tu
Is it for sure?	Tu
Does that suit you?	Tu
How are things looking?	Td
Why is rock perceived as an inapt music genre?	Td
Is there a shower in our room?	Tu
Where shall I drop you off?	Td
How much do you weigh?	Td
What do you eat for lunch?	Td
Can you show me your seat reservation?	Tu
What place did he finish in?	Td
Will you dial the number for me?	Tu
Can you arrange for us to get it?	Tu
Can I ask you a favour?	Tu
What's your address?	Td
How much is one ride?	Td
Could you belay me?	Tu
By what right do we berate others for their abuses of human rights when we so blatantly abuse them ourselves?	Td
Can I see your passport?	Tu
What's worrying you?	Td
What would you advise?	Td
What's your take on that?	Td
Admit that its doctrinal premises were supremely naive and its policies deeply corrosive to American influence?	Tu
Did you see the last episode?	Tu
Are you dating anyone?	Tu
Where is the nearest railroad station?	Td
When did the world come into existence?	Td
When should I get off?	Td
Will you teach me how to tee off properly?	Tu
Are there any volunteers?	Tu
What did you get yourself into?	Td
Are you trying to get my goat?	Tu
Where can I wash my hands?	Td
What are you trying to achieve?	Td
How are you feeling?	Td
And how will the director and cinematographer, two willful personalities, resolve their differences?	Td
When will you come to see us?	Td
Do you have a free table?	Tu
Can I leave my luggage here?	Tu
Who are you waiting for?	Td
What can you see in the picture?	Td
Which piste do you recommend for advanced skiers?	Td
And then what?	Td
Is there public Internet access in the library?	Tu
Can we stay here overnight?	Tu
What are you trying to do?	Td
Is there a subway station near here?	Tu
Are you planning to start a family?	Tu
Are you cold?	Tu
What does he want from me?	Td
Do you do any sports?	Tu
Are your parents still alive?	Tu
Can I have a window seat, please?	Tu
Are you leaving us already?	Tu
Is it OK for you?	Tu
Can you make yourself understood in English?	Tu
No bells ringing?	Tu
Can you reach it down from the shelf?	Tu
What do you have on for tomorrow?	Td
Is there a ticket machine near here?	Tu
Do you want me to do it?	Tu
Can you please repeat that?	Tu
Who could have done it?	Td
Do you think I'm doing it just for the fun of it?	Tu
Have you done the shopping yet?	Tu
When can I reach her?	Td
Can I buy a cycling map around here?	Tu
What's that?	Td
Do you always do it like this?	Tu
How are they doing?	Td
How far from here is it?	Td
Do I need a permit?	Tu
What's going on?	Td
Can I rent a bike here?	Tu
Why is he lying to us?	Td
When were you born?	Td
Do you get it?	Tu
What are you driving at?	Td
Who is playing whom?	Td
Is that the time?	Tu
What date is it today?	Td
What is your name?	Td
Why are you laughing?	Td
So what?	Tu
Is it to your liking?	Tu
Is something the matter?	Tu
Do you organize trips?	Tu
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round?	Td
Can it be bought on the Internet?	Tu
You work for him, right?	Tu
That much?	Tu
How much does it make?	Td
How much could it cost?	Td
Where is the next nearest ski lift?	Td
When will you arrive?	Td
Can you move a bit?	Tu
Do I pay per person or for a tent?	Td
Will you be there to pick me up?	Tu
What's the temperature at one thousand metres?	Td
Do they have rooms to rent?	Tu
Are you trying to push my buttons?	Tu
Does it matter?	Tu
Can I take a message for him?	Tu
Do you offer bike tours?	Tu
Have we left anybody out?	Tu
How fast are we going?	Td
Do you rent beach umbrellas too?	Tu
How tall are you?	Td
Is he still alive?	Tu
How about a piece of cake?	Td
Can I talk to you for a minute?	Tu
How are you coping with it?	Td
Where did he go?	Td
Do I have to fill out a customs declaration?	Tu
I'm going to the soccer game. Will you join me?	Tu
What was the object of your little sensation?	Td
Have you been here before?	Tu
What's your shoe size?	Td
How long are we going to stay underwater?	Td
Can you give us the key?	Tu
What do you think of that?	Td
Who else if not him?	Td
Could you give me some background on this vine, including care, hardiness and propagation?	Tu
What does it run on?	Td
Do I have to pay for a trailer as well?	Tu
Can you handle it?	Tu
How will the tyres perform in winter?	Td
Has he got a steady girlfriend?	Tu
Can I hitchhike here?	Tu
Who are you kidding?	Td
Do you wanna dance?	Tu
Did you receive our letter?	Tu
What use is it?	Td
May I enter?	Tu
Water main break taps murky issue Who pays repair bills for cleanup?	Td
For instance, how did he graduate high school without reading this slender introduction to existentialism?	Td
Look, what are you doing?	Td
Do you have anything to declare?	Tu
Who is starring?	Td
How much is jet ski rental?	Td
What planet are you on?	Td
Will you dance with me?	Tu
Can you tell me the best way to clean a large comforter and sleeping bag?	Tu
How long will it take to find my luggage?	Td
Will you deliver a speech?	Tu
How old are you, mother?	Td
Scared a slick CEO might sweet-talk you out of your retirement nest egg?	Tu
Who did you get it from?	Td
How was your journey?	Td
Do you have a watch?	Tu
Do you still care for me?	Tu
And having done so, why denature them by selections that render the misleading impression that they are far more accessible than they in fact are?	Td
What do you want to do about it?	Td
Any thoughts?	Tu
What did you hope to achieve?	Td
How am I supposed to understand it?	Td
Do you know this place?	Tu
Has the trout season begun yet?	Tu
Can you fix it?	Tu
Can I buy you a drink?	Tu
Do you fancy coming too?	Tu
Do you get on well with him?	Tu
How long does it take to get to the town?	Td
What's the highest mountain in the world?	Td
Who's responsible for it?	Td
You won't stay here long, will you?	Tu
Do you have enough money to buy it?	Tu
Will you give me a ride?	Tu
Should I do it?	Tu
What are you doing here?	Td
Which is the shortest way to the hill over there?	Td
What are you going to wear?	Td
Do you offer any boat trips to the close islands?	Tu
Who has brought the flowers?	Td
Who are you looking for?	Td
But for crying out loud, who would want to own camouflage shower curtains, toothbrush holder, soap dish, lotion dispenser, bath rug and waste basket?	Td
What are the working conditions?	Td
Would you like to see it?	Tu
Is diving allowed here?	Tu
Did I possess too much vitality?	Tu
Do you have Internet access here?	Tu
Is it far from here?	Tu
How dare some old wino turn a house of God into a flophouse?	Td
What's wrong with him?	Td
Is there a ski rental here?	Tu
Where's the checkout counter?	Td
Where does the chair go to?	Td
What is the weather forecast for today?	Td
How do I do it up?	Td
What do you like to do?	Td
Which bus number do I take to get there?	Td
Is there something between you two?	Tu
Why do I care anyway?	Td
Which way shall we take?	Td
What time does my plane take off?	Td
Is there a playing field around here?	Tu
Can you stop?	Tu
Can I have some water?	Tu
What day is it tomorrow?	Td
Should I leave my stuff in the car?	Tu
Can I have the check please?	Td
Where do I find the jack?	Td
Do you have something to say?	Tu
Are you nuts?	Tu
Any ideas?	Tu
Can you carry it?	Tu
What is the point of all this juicy kissing anyhow?	Td
Such an impulsive act is no recommendation, but is it emblematic or merely anecdotal?	Td
What should the punishment be for acts like cyberbullying and online humiliation?	Td
When should I be there?	Td
Can you change some money for me?	Tu
Can you hear me?	Tu
Have you finished school yet?	Tu
Did you need anything?	Tu
The more relevant question is whether are we drifting as people, as a culture, as inhabitants of a planet we are blithely destroying?	Td
Can you speak up please?	Tu
Do you charge reservation fees?	Tu
Is rock climbing allowed here?	Tu
So what is the problem?	Td
Is it contagious?	Tu
What would you advise me to do?	Td
Any bite?	Tu
Who do you root for?	Td
How can you tell if a painkilling narcotic, like morphine, methadone or oxycodone, will work for you?	Td
What does it have to do with it?	Td
What is the crossing time?	Td
How long does the tour take?	Td
Where are you now?	Td
Will you know him?	Tu
Can you print it out for me?	Tu
From what age?	Td
Really?	Tu
Does it really work?	Tu
Should I turn the heating up? Are you cold?	Tu
Where do you get those ideas?	Td
Can I get there by car?	Tu
What sort of a person is that?	Td
Shall I do it?	Tu
What are you doing with it?	Td
Have you finished it yet?	Tu
How long is the warranty period?	Td
What's eating you?	Td
Are you waiting for me?	Tu
How long does the ride take?	Td
Have you ever earned dollar by your own labour?	Td
Do you accept these checks?	Tu
Did you make it?	Tu
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me?	Tu
Is there any waterpark around here?	Tu
How many people will be there?	Td
Will you pick me up?	Tu
Don't you regret giving so much money away?	Tu
How much are the theatre tickets?	Td
Is she adulterer, stalker, shoplifter or merely gadabout fruitcake?	Td
How would you classify this plant?	Td
You don't think I'll give it to you, do you?	Tu
What's on?	Td
Can we have a short rest?	Tu
Or do the hearing-impaired have a right to rear their children within a somewhat separatist subculture?	Tu
Did you understand me?	Tu
What's the date today?	Td
Has politics ever seemed more ignoble than in these clumsy, self-serving attempts to justify a deviation from orthodoxy?	Tu
Well, how much longer?	Td
How long will it take to handle my complaint?	Td
Where can I park my car?	Td
What will you have for lunch?	Td
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip?	Tu
Is there any private accommodation here?	Tu
Can't you take a joke?	Tu
Do you want to add something more?	Tu
Did you arrive safely?	Tu
Is it cheaper to buy a round-trip ticket right away?	Tu
How is it done?	Td
Would you hand me the salt?	Tu
Is it a transfer ticket?	Tu
Should I leave or not?	Td
Are these seats free?	Tu
How should I take his remark?	Td
Can you be more specific?	Tu
How much does it cost to hire a professional organizer?	Td
Are you kidding?	Tu
How's the old lady?	Td
Do we have to wear ski helmets too?	Tu
Do I make myself clear?	Tu
After all, what good is a cookout burger, hot dogs or backyard barbecue fest without some good, crunchy pickles?	Td
Where were you?	Td
How long have you been working there?	Td
Is there something going on between them?	Tu
Which board should I go with?	Td
How did she fare?	Td
Did you understand?	Tu
Why on earth are they trying to make a mountain out of a molehill?	Td
May I ask for your attention?	Tu
Is it possible?	Tu
Can I have one?	Tu
Why has our collective imagination concerning the male sex become so perverse and hallucinogenic?	Td
Is it clear now?	Tu
Heck, society also needs balance; why focus obsessively on some unworthy job that offers little fulfillment or social benefit?	Td
What time does the bus for Zagreb leave?	Td
Do I look good in it?	Tu
Are visitors allowed here?	Tu
Are you any relation?	Tu
Can I stand you a lunch?	Tu
Who gave you that advice?	Td
Is the picture straight?	Tu
What is the name of that mountain?	Td
Can't you understand me?	Tu
How's life?	Td
Would you like to take a horse ride?	Tu
By what right?	Tu
Where exactly are we going?	Td
What are their survival chances?	Td
Will you be at home for Christmas?	Tu
How could I do it to her?	Td
Do you have enough money?	Tu
Can you correct me if I make a mistake?	Tu
Can we take lessons with an instructor?	Tu
Will you manage it yourself?	Tu
Will you run an errand for me?	Tu
Do you know modern art?	Tu
What time is it?	Td
Will you marry me?	Tu
Is it allowed?	Tu
Must I pay duty for it?	Tu
Have you heard of them?	Tu
Who authorized that?	Td
Are you in pain?	Tu
What kind of person do you think I am?	Td
Can't you give me a jab or something?	Tu
Can I try the flash?	Tu
What do you like best?	Td
Can I be of any help?	Tu
Will it do?	Tu
What is the route back there like?	Td
Did you check on everything?	Tu
Can you help me?	Tu
What is it?	Td
What are you trying to say?	Td
What's the tank capacity?	Td
Can I purchase a fishing license here?	Tu
Wouldn't it be better to stop?	Tu
What's so strange about it?	Td
Do I need a prescription?	Tu
Do you have any discounts?	Tu
Who do you think you are?	Td
Which computer can I use?	Td
What is the meaning of life?	Td
What good will it do?	Td
What's going on here?	Td
What do you enjoy doing?	Td
Could I keep it?	Tu
Will you drive me there?	Tu
When will you grow up?	Td
Is it warm outside?	Tu
Can you tell the difference between actions that favorably affect your destiny and those that purely gratify your ego?	Tu
Who is it?	Td
Do you still have the warranty card?	Tu
How do I engage the cruise control?	Td
Who started that fire?	Td
Did he confirm it in writing?	Tu
Who do you want to talk to?	Td
Can we use the back door?	Tu
Would you believe it?	Tu
What's the insurance limit here?	Td
Come again?	Tu
How many people are coming?	Td
Where did you study?	Td
Are you being served?	Tu
Can we stop for a minute?	Tu
No offence, but why are you doing it?	Td
Can I use this towel?	Tu
But how can this utterly disproportionate, seemingly indiscriminate carnage be anything but counterproductive?	Td
Which factors determine human character?	Td
Can you come some other time?	Tu
What documents do I need?	Td
Is anything wrong?	Tu
How do I type an apostrophe here?	Td
Where is the ship's bureau de change?	Td
Can you put me up for two nights?	Tu
Where else?	Td
Don't you see I hate you?	Tu
Is this anybody's?	Tu
Have you brushed your teeth?	Tu
What did you say they talked about?	Td
Where can I buy tickets?	Td
Shall we go for a walk?	Tu
Does it mean anything to you?	Tu
What size do you wear?	Td
Can you help me to push the car aside?	Tu
Is this a stopover flight?	Tu
Do you consider it necessary?	Tu
Is there any way to respectfully and tactfully respond their comments or redirect the conversation?	Tu
Have you finished?	Tu
Is affirmative action, for example, a bestowal of special privilege or a necessary remedy of centuries of unequal opportunity?	Td
Could we swap seats?	Tu
Oh yes?	Tu
How long does it take to get to the airport by taxi?	Td
How long will the weather hold?	Td
How long have you been cheating on her?	Td
When is the next ferry?	Td
Where are you from?	Td
Does it concern me?	Tu
Otherwise, why was her beauty undiminished on those occasions when she looked puffy or drugged or chubby or haggard or silly or exhausted?	Td
Have you ever been robbed?	Tu
Can you do a handstand?	Tu
Where did you meet?	Td
Can you give me some advice on preliminary business precautions for overseas negotiations?	Tu
Can I smoke here?	Tu
Have you tried it yet?	Tu
Is there a nude beach around here?	Tu
Can I take a shower?	Tu
Do you have something to eat?	Tu
Do you drink beer?	Tu
Is that it?	Tu
Are you awake?	Tu
Are you out of your mind?	Tu
Are you free?	Tu
How much is it per night?	Td
Who gave it to you?	Td
Is there an 18-hole golf course around here?	Tu
What floor do you live on?	Td
What is the access password here?	Td
Do you offer group discounts?	Tu
Can I rent an air mattress?	Tu
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what?	Tu
You wouldn't lend it to me, would you?	Tu
Does it sound familiar?	Tu
What is its weight?	Td
Are you seeing somebody now?	Tu
Do you believe in God?	Tu
Halt! Who goes there?	Td
Can you find out for me?	Tu
Can I turn on the TV?	Tu
Why all the haste?	Td
Could you delay him for a moment?	Tu
How long should my air last?	Td
Do you keep that in mind?	Tu
How long have you been living here?	Td
What gave you that idea?	Td
Would you bring me a glass?	Tu
Is it possible to rent climbing equipment here?	Tu
Do you want the smaller or the bigger one?	Td
Are we complete?	Tu
What word in English can be a noun, verb, adjective, adverb or preposition?	Td
Can you spread the word?	Tu
Where can we leave our skis?	Td
Where would you like to sit?	Td
Are you free tonight?	Tu
What can I offer you?	Td
Could we have fresh bed linen?	Tu
What's my account balance?	Td
Somewhere in those immense numbers, might there not be room for a couple of science projects that would forever enrich and edify humanity?	Tu
Do you have access to the Internet?	Tu
Where does it hurt?	Td
Are we supposed to soothe, educate, moralize, or stupefy?	Td
Is the gas included in the price?	Tu
Is there anybody around here who can help me fix it?	Tu
Does she have a steady?	Tu
May I come in?	Tu
Did he hurt you?	Tu
Have you dusted your room?	Tu
If given the opportunity, would they switch from saccharin to aspartame, use a saccharine and aspartame combination or keep their present saccharin formulation?	Td
Is there a place to eat near here?	Tu
Could I disturb you for a minute?	Tu
How many of you are there?	Td
Are you getting off with her?	Tu
Did you pass the exam?	Tu
How can you ask?	Td
Could I have a blanket?	Tu
But who was Eileen's double?	Td
What should I do?	Td
Is the water safe to drink?	Tu
Can we rent a fridge here?	Tu
He gave it to me. Really?	Tu
Shall we play doubles?	Tu
What do you think?	Td
Will you lead us there?	Tu
What are you blaming me for?	Td
Can he read?	Tu
Do you want to swap seats?	Tu
Where did he put it?	Td
Who will get the tickets?	Td
Could I play with you?	Tu
Is there any lookout point near here?	Tu
What about going to a concert?	Td
Is there a place with a view of the city?	Tu
How do we work it out?	Td
Are you thirsty or hungry?	Tu
And, by the way, why should the afterlife be everlasting?	Td
Do you know it for sure?	Tu
Could it be arranged?	Tu
How much do you intend to spend on it?	Td
Can you change Czech crowns?	Tu
Is there a non-smoking area here?	Tu
Who's babysitting for you?	Td
But even though the concurrence of England, and Austria, and Germany, could be obtained, what would it signify, if Russia still remained recusant?	Td
How wide is it?	Td
Can we meet tomorrow at 5 p.m.?	Tu
Suppose I did come, would you pay me?	Tu
Can you speak up?	Tu
What colour do you want?	Td
Is there a sleeping car?	Tu
And what about the rest of it?	Td
Could we meet?	Tu
Do you want to ride a water slide?	Tu
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark?	Td
Would you like fries with that?	Tu
How much is the rental for one hour?	Td
Can you take my handcuffs off?	Tu
So what do you think?	Td
When will the court be free?	Td
What is the motivation for a program in interactive telecommunications?	Td
Where are our seats?	Td
Could you release me on bail?	Tu
Have you ever seen anything like it?	Tu
How much money have you got?	Td
What attitude did they adopt?	Td
What exactly do you have in mind?	Td
Have you explained it to him?	Tu
Can you tell me when we get there?	Tu
How did you like it?	Td
What brings you here?	Td
What is the weather like in your country now?	Td
What's your point of view?	Td
What's on TV tonight?	Td
What do you suggest?	Td
Would three p.m. tomorrow be okay for you?	Tu
Now you remember?	Tu
How long does the film last?	Td
Can you put us up for just one night?	Tu
How do I fasten it?	Td
How do I look?	Td
What did he actually do there?	Td
What will I need?	Td
Do you need a ride?	Tu
Do you have tickets?	Tu
Who will arrange for tickets?	Td
Can I take this on board?	Tu
Can you think of a way how to do it?	Tu
How are things going?	Td
Does your offer still hold?	Tu
Will you find the way yourself?	Tu
Who do you think I am?	Td
How do you get along with him?	Td
Do you even remember what it was like to be unencumbered by appointments?	Tu
Can I take my jacket off?	Tu
Did you ask him about the job?	Tu
Why me of all people?	Td
How much is it?	Td
Are you enjoying yourself?	Tu
Where is the fuse box?	Td
But you did buy it, didn't you?	Tu
For how many shots will the batteries last?	Td
Are you for real?	Tu
Can you tell me more about Yap and about a good time to go, how to get there and snorkeling opportunities?	Tu
And what about you?	Tu
Shall we meet next Wednesday?	Tu
How lucky can you get?	Td
Do I have to wear a polo shirt?	Tu
What's that long face about?	Td
When can you come for an interview?	Td
Can you shuffle cards?	Tu
How about an animatronic panda, a tiger selling vodka and a vanity poster promoting Saddam Hussein?	Td
Do I pay now or on departure?	Td
Is it repaired yet?	Tu
Where is the nearest hospital?	Td
Who told you?	Td
When can I expect to have my luggage back?	Td
What could you say to that?	Td
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct?	Td
Why am I arrested?	Td
Still, who cares?	Td
Where did you see her first?	Td
Can you repeat it?	Tu
Can I create a shortcut on the desktop?	Tu
Can you put me through?	Tu
Can you do it?	Tu
Can you write it down for me?	Tu
How much is such a trip?	Td
Is there a universally attractive house, or is it all a matter of individual taste, particular predilection, class preference and acculturation?	Td
Who are you talking about?	Td
Is there anything left for me?	Tu
Could you lend me some wax?	Tu
How do we get to the ferry port?	Td
Do you like the beer?	Tu
When will I know the results of the tests?	Td
Is it five already?	Tu
Who told you this nonsense?	Td
What are you eating?	Td
What's your height?	Td
How can I repay you?	Td
Can we buy some food around here?	Tu
What's the active ingredient in this medicine?	Td
Can you pay it for me?	Tu
What's the best bait for catfish?	Td
How long have you been married?	Td
How long till we get there?	Td
And why did he want to write so diversely, anyhow?	Td
Is it him?	Tu
Does this hotel have its own beach?	Tu
What did we have for homework?	Td
Can I kiss you?	Tu
Who are you trying to kid?	Td
How much time do we have?	Td
Are we ready to outwit, outplay and outlast, or do we have enough reality to deal with?	Td
What do you have on tap?	Td
How long does the hike take?	Td
Must I change trains?	Tu
What's your poison?	Td
Are you pulling my leg?	Tu
Do you have an appointment?	Tu
Can you wrap it up for me?	Tu
Sorry, what was your name again?	Td
What do you say to that?	Td
Would you take me there?	Tu
And what exactly?	Td
Do you also have a garage?	Tu
Did he have intercourse with her?	Tu
Well, then?	Td
Does it come with batteries?	Tu
Why did it take you two weeks to throw out that bozo who declared himself mayor of Baghdad?	Td
Could you help me, please?	Tu
What's the hurry?	Td
Did you take your temperature?	Tu
Am I concerned?	Tu
Which architect designed it?	Td
What do I get from it?	Td
What if an avatar blew the lid off, I dunno, troll abuse, using confidential sources?	Td
Where is the nearest police station?	Td
But should I really be dreaming of the day when a bunch of rich, ancient men deign to save us from ourselves?	Tu
Actually, why not?	Tu
Where exactly are you going to tow my car?	Td
Or what if Romney pulled open a panel in his chest revealing that he is, in fact, an android?	Td
Can we do some shopping near here?	Tu
What did you dream about?	Td
Gorbachev ask to visit the Hoover Institution of War, Peace and Revolution, only to jilt the conservative research institute?	Tu
Is there anything else I can do for you?	Tu
Can you tie your tie?	Tu
Yes?	Tu
What does it serve for?	Td
What's the date?	Td
May we come in?	Tu
What's your favourite band?	Td
Where can I reclaim my luggage?	Td
What else can I do?	Td
Are there many steep climbs?	Tu
Can I have a look at that perfume?	Tu
With whom was she there?	Td
What is expected of me?	Td
Can I join you?	Tu
Is it possible to go to the upper deck?	Tu
What time do we set off?	Td
Who is this?	Td
Can you send it to me by e-mail?	Tu
Will it take long?	Tu
Do you think so?	Tu
Is there a hospital near here?	Tu
Shall I take it with me?	Tu
What did you talk about?	Td
How much money should I change?	Td
Could somebody show me what exactly I should do?	Tu
Should I go with a 6 or 7 iron?	Td
Can you help me, please?	Tu
Where can we rent a jet ski?	Td
What is she like?	Td
Can we sit with you?	Tu
Okay then?	Tu
Why do all the TV anchorwomen sit on the left side of their male counterparts?	Td
How do I get to the airport?	Td
When is it my turn?	Td
Where did you come by it?	Td
Who told you that?	Td
Why is there no hot water?	Td
What's the problem?	Td
Did you have a good journey?	Tu
Where is the nearest marina?	Td
How much is the excess baggage fee?	Td
Are we going to backtrack?	Tu
Can you specify it?	Tu
Are you all right?	Tu
What's the point?	Td
Can you tell me how many days tuna stays edible once the can is open?	Tu
Will you forgive me?	Tu
What is it supposed to mean?	Td
But how about Sno-Cat skiing, a weekend clinic, or an overnight excursion?	Td
Is there any diving school around here?	Tu
Have you made the bed?	Tu
Can you explain it to me?	Tu
When do I have to return the car?	Td
What can I do to reverse the crystallization?	Td
Do we have to clean the room before leaving?	Tu
When is the first stopover?	Td
How could he explain his possession of the sketch?	Td
Is it understood?	Tu
You didn't go there, did you?	Tu
Whose fault is it?	Td
Can we join you?	Tu
Is he the comet with the flattop haircut?	Tu
What is it about?	Td
Do you cash travellers' checks?	Tu
When will he be back?	Td
Can we sit here?	Tu
Are you taking any medication?	Tu
What, then, does prime time insinuate about the currently blazing issue of sexual harassment?	Td
Can you wait a minute?	Tu
Let's go, shall we?	Tu
Does that ring any bell?	Tu
When did you see her last?	Td
You did what?	Tu
How much will it approximately cost?	Td
Can you wake us up at about seven?	Tu
Where's the fitting room?	Td
Do you charge a cancellation fee?	Tu
Can you move your arm?	Tu
Can we still enter?	Tu
Do you happen to have jumper cables?	Tu
Can I pay cash?	Tu
Why, they asked, would she be interested in something so old-fashioned and uncreative?	Td
What is the difference between these two?	Td
Have you ever hit a hole in one?	Tu
How did you like the movie?	Td
Can I have another one?	Tu
Is there a department store near here?	Tu
Where does this train go?	Td
How much is half-fare?	Td
Where is our room?	Td
Was it always like this?	Tu
Have you read the novel?	Tu
How long can you hold your breath?	Td
How was I supposed to know?	Td
May I open the window?	Tu
How many years do you go out before potential becomes underachiever?	Td
Will you do me a favour?	Tu
Did you score a home run?	Tu
How many miles is it?	Td
How are you doing financially?	Td
Who is absent?	Td
Will you lend me some money?	Td
How fast does it go?	Td
What do you mean?	Td
Do you sell stamps?	Tu
When are we going to land?	Td
Do you use cold-pressed virgin olive oil or walnut oil?	Td
Can I get out of the car?	Tu
Is it possible to climb to the very top?	Tu
Do I have to pay tax on that?	Tu
Have you slept well?	Tu
What do you drink?	Td
Who is going to replace him?	Td
What would you like to drink?	Td
Are there public toilets near here?	Tu
What other profession would be structured to disregard expertise, to boot out the competent, the incompetent and the indifferent so arbitrarily?	Td
Could you show it to me?	Tu
Is there any theme bar near here?	Tu
What's that smell?	Td
Would you help me, please?	Tu
It wasn't him, was it?	Tu
Will you give me a hand?	Tu
Where are the showers?	Td
Can you run the program?	Tu
Some tea or coffee?	Tu
When do we start open water dives?	Td
Are you warmer now?	Tu
Can you adjust my brakes?	Tu
Do I have to wear a cycling helmet?	Tu
How can I help you?	Td
Don't we encourage racial, ethnic and religious segregation with all of this hyphenation?	Tu
What should we take with us?	Td
Who's next on the list?	Td
By when should it be done?	Td
Where did you pick her up?	Td
Can we have a test drive to see if it's okay?	Tu
How much do you charge for a page?	Td
How many times a week do you meet?	Td
Do you rent surfboards?	Tu
What should I do in case of problems?	Td
Will you take me to the city?	Tu
Is there a way to quickly, safely and thoroughly delete unwanted programs?	Tu
Did you buy the tickets?	Tu
What will you have to drink?	Td
Is he single or married?	Td
Where are your children?	Td
Do you repair digital cameras?	Tu
Should I turn the TV off?	Tu
Who's gonna pay the rest?	Td
Do you want me to call him?	Tu
Do you insist?	Tu
Do you have a condom?	Tu
But if you could invent a robot that serves cocktails, could you not invent a robot that would make a superior bedmate?	Tu
When should he come back?	Td
Could we see the house?	Tu
Do you have a working visa?	Tu
How big is it?	Td
How do we get to the arena?	Td
How many litres can the bottle hold?	Td
May I offer you tea or coffee?	Tu
When can I come?	Td
What was the final score?	Td
What teams are playing tonight?	Td
Where are the toilets on board?	Td
Did he have to tell him right now?	Tu
Do you have any suggestions for helping my yard become a place that stray cats will view as unfriendly and uninviting?	Tu
Do you have a vacant room?	Tu
Would you still be interested?	Tu
Where are you calling from?	Td
Can you read the map?	Tu
How can we get in touch with him?	Td
Is there a clothes horse here?	Tu
Where does he study?	Td
How did she do?	Td
And what if not?	Td
Do you want to watch TV?	Tu
Where can we get some info about the city?	Td
Would it be possible to shorten it?	Tu
Are you coming with us?	Tu
Where are you going?	Td
How does it feel?	Td
Where was it?	Td
Why did you do it?	Td
Do you know each other?	Tu
Did you take a look at the article?	Tu
How long are you going to keep me here?	Td
Where is the nearest ATM?	Td
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse?	Tu
Where is he? Where indeed?	Td
Does any of you know it?	Tu
Do they go together?	Tu
Which local sights do you recommend?	Td
Are you seeing someone?	Tu
What are the advantages of this solution?	Td
What are the safety precautions?	Td
Do you play any instruments?	Tu
Have you got it?	Tu
Who had the right of way?	Td
Do you have a cheaper one?	Tu
When will it be over?	Td
When did it happen?	Td
Are you seeing anyone?	Tu
What does the insurance cover?	Td
WHY WOULD THE people of Minnesota elect such a world-class bozo?	Td
Can you comment on that?	Tu
Are you free tomorrow?	Tu
How can I lessen my load without cracking her fragile personality?	Td
What are you doing tomorrow night?	Td
Excuse me, can I open the window?	Tu
Do you believe me?	Tu
Which one do you recommend?	Td
What's the lesson to be learned from this?	Td
What starting salary can I expect?	Td
