Actually, why not?	Td
After all, how many people have been directly affected by the nationalization?	Td
All right?	Tu
Am I concerned?	Tu
Am I late?	Tu
Am I supposed to believe it?	Tu
And I thought, what if the werewolf can smell evil?	Td
And does the America we want succumb to resentment and division?	Tu
And his mother tolerates it?	Tu
And how can I benefit from it?	Td
And how will the director and cinematographer, two willful personalities, resolve their differences?	Td
And now what?	Td
And what about him?	Td
And what about the others?	Td
And what about you?	Td
And what exactly?	Td
And what if not?	Td
And what use is it?	Td
And why did he want to write so diversely, anyhow?	Td
And?	Td
Any bite?	Tu
Any luck?	Tu
Any thoughts?	Tu
Anything to drink?	Tu
Are shelters benevolent oases of hope, or dangerous filthy pits of bureaucratic cruelty?	Td
Are there any bikeways around here?	Tu
Are there any interesting underwater cliffs?	Tu
Are there any strenuous climbs?	Tu
Are there any vacancies for today?	Tu
Are there many steep climbs?	Tu
Are there toilets anywhere?	Tu
Are these waters safe for diving?	Tu
Are they a good match?	Tu
Are they going to stay for a long time?	Tu
Are they wheelchair accessible?	Tu
Are we all that sinless or are we just clueless?	Td
Are we complete?	Tu
Are we going to go boat diving?	Tu
Are we really as dumb out here in the boondocks as these people think we are?	Tu
Are you afraid of heights?	Tu
Are you angry with me?	Tu
Are you asleep?	Tu
Are you being served?	Tu
Are you cold?	Tu
Are you computer literate?	Tu
Are you dating anyone?	Tu
Are you finished?	Tu
Are you free now?	Tu
Are you free tonight?	Tu
Are you from another planet?	Tu
Are you getting off with her?	Tu
Are you having fun?	Tu
Are you here alone?	Tu
Are you here on business or for pleasure?	Td
Are you hitting on me?	Tu
Are you interested in it?	Tu
Are you kidding me?	Tu
Are you leaving us already?	Tu
Are you looking forward to it?	Tu
Are you not hot?	Tu
Are you nuts?	Tu
Are you out of your mind?	Tu
Are you pulling my leg?	Tu
Are you really going to admit that you're a stick-in-the-mud who is more or less content with things the way they are?	Tu
Are you seeing anyone?	Tu
Are you seeing someone?	Tu
Are you shitting me?	Tu
Are you sleeping?	Tu
Are you sure?	Tu
Are you taking sleeping pills?	Tu
Are you thirsty or hungry?	Tu
Are you trying to pick me up?	Tu
Are you up?	Tu
Are you warmer now?	Tu
Are your parents still alive?	Tu
Aren't you cold?	Tu
As late as that?	Tu
At what time?	Td
But can the birthplace of jazz truly be wiped from the face of the Earth?	Tu
But for crying out loud, who would want to own camouflage shower curtains, toothbrush holder, soap dish, lotion dispenser, bath rug and waste basket?	Td
But how are you going to do it?	Td
But how many times can you alarm the bourgeoisie?	Td
But more importantly, what the hell business is it of yours what I do for recreation?	Td
But what about the inevitable hours between strikes from freakishly heavy fish that represent less than 1 percent of the population?	Td
But what happens when that neutral center meets the still segregated increasingly segregated neighborhoods?	Td
But who is Miss Right?	Td
But who was Eileen's double?	Td
But you did buy it, right?	Tu
By what right?	Td
By what time should we vacate our room?	Td
By when should we return the skis?	Td
Can I be of any help?	Tu
Can I borrow it?	Tu
Can I borrow your bike pump?	Tu
Can I borrow your pen?	Tu
Can I buy a cycling map around here?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on board?	Tu
Can I buy you a drink?	Tu
Can I come with you?	Tu
Can I cross it out?	Tu
Can I do some water skiing around here?	Tu
Can I get off during the cruise?	Tu
Can I get some painkillers?	Tu
Can I go ahead and wait on the top?	Tu
Can I have a bag for it?	Tu
Can I have a look?	Tu
Can I have a word with you?	Tu
Can I have another form?	Tu
Can I have it back?	Tu
Can I have it without ice?	Tu
Can I have seconds?	Tu
Can I have something against airsickness?	Tu
Can I have the receipt please?	Tu
Can I help you?	Tu
Can I join you?	Tu
Can I kiss you?	Tu
Can I leave my car here?	Tu
Can I leave my toiletries here?	Tu
Can I leave you for a moment?	Tu
Can I offer you some refreshment?	Tu
Can I pay by card?	Tu
Can I purchase a fishing license here?	Tu
Can I rent an air mattress?	Tu
Can I see your driver's license?	Tu
Can I smoke here?	Tu
Can I store my bike in the basement?	Tu
Can I take a look at it?	Tu
Can I take a rain check on that?	Tu
Can I take more at once?	Tu
Can I take my one year old child to the wading pool?	Tu
Can I take pictures here?	Tu
Can I talk to you for a minute?	Tu
Can I talk to you?	Tu
Can I try it on?	Tu
Can I try the flash?	Tu
Can I turn the heating down?	Tu
Can I use the ticket for the next flight?	Tu
Can I use your hotel gym?	Tu
Can I wind down the window?	Tu
Can an old no-no word define a media genre?	Tu
Can computers become as destructively addictive to susceptible executives as alcohol, drugs, cigarettes, sex or work itself?	Tu
Can he be trusted?	Tu
Can it be bought on the Internet?	Tu
Can one swim in the lake?	Tu
Can we buy some food around here?	Tu
Can we count you in?	Tu
Can we do some shopping near here?	Tu
Can we get there by car?	Tu
Can we have a high chair?	Tu
Can we have a test drive to see if it's okay?	Tu
Can we join you?	Tu
Can we meet tomorrow at 5 p.m.?	Tu
Can we postpone it?	Tu
Can we rent a fridge here?	Tu
Can we sit here?	Tu
Can we stay here overnight?	Tu
Can we stop for a minute?	Tu
Can we take lessons with an instructor?	Tu
Can we use the back door?	Tu
Can we visit the city museum?	Tu
Can you adjust my brakes?	Tu
Can you arrange tickets for us?	Tu
Can you believe every girl used to swoon over a guy wearing a graffiti getup?	Tu
Can you call somebody to tow me away?	Tu
Can you change Czech crowns?	Tu
Can you change it for me?	Tu
Can you check the bill, please?	Tu
Can you comment on that?	Td
Can you correct me if I make a mistake?	Tu
Can you dial this number for me?	Tu
Can you do it?	Tu
Can you do without this textbook?	Tu
Can you exchange it for me?	Tu
Can you find out for me?	Tu
Can you fix my flat tire?	Tu
Can you get it going?	Tu
Can you give me a detailed bill?	Tu
Can you give me a ride?	Tu
Can you give me some advice on preliminary business precautions for overseas negotiations?	Tu
Can you give us the key?	Tu
Can you hear me?	Tu
Can you help me out of the water?	Tu
Can you help me recline my seat?	Tu
Can you help me to push-start the car?	Tu
Can you help me, please?	Tu
Can you hold your tongue?	Tu
Can you imagine what it would be like?	Tu
Can you keep a secret?	Tu
Can you lend me a few dollars?	Tu
Can you make sense of this regulation?	Tu
Can you move a bit?	Tu
Can you open the trunk?	Tu
Can you pay it for me?	Tu
Can you play the piano?	Tu
Can you please forward my e-mail to him?	Tu
Can you please repeat that?	Tu
Can you print it out for me?	Tu
Can you put in a word for me?	Tu
Can you put me up for two nights?	Tu
Can you reach it down from the shelf?	Tu
Can you recharge my battery?	Tu
Can you repeat it?	Tu
Can you reset a circuit breaker?	Tu
Can you run the program?	Tu
Can you see it too?	Tu
Can you show it to me on the map?	Tu
Can you show me on the map where we are?	Tu
Can you show me there?	Tu
Can you show me your seat reservation?	Tu
Can you show us to our room?	Tu
Can you smell it?	Tu
Can you speak English?	Tu
Can you speak up please?	Tu
Can you specify it?	Tu
Can you stop?	Tu
Can you take me to a gas station?	Tu
Can you take my handcuffs off?	Tu
Can you tell me how many days tuna stays edible once the can is open?	Tu
Can you tell me the best way to clean a large comforter and sleeping bag?	Tu
Can you tell me your name?	Tu
Can you think of a way how to do it?	Tu
Can you touch-type?	Tu
Can you wait a minute?	Tu
Can you wake me up at seven, please?	Tu
Can you watch my bag?	Tu
Can you write it down for me?	Tu
Can't you give me a jab or something?	Tu
Can't you tell A from B?	Tu
Certainly B movies plagiarize freely, but since when did Hollywood not cannibalize its own?	Td
Come again?	Tu
Could I disturb you for a minute?	Tu
Could I keep it?	Tu
Could I rent a boat for a day?	Tu
Could I take unpaid leave?	Tu
Could it be arranged?	Tu
Could it be that they don't know about it?	Tu
Could somebody show me what exactly I should do?	Tu
Could this much really be riding on one tortuously complicated piece of legislation?	Tu
Could we have fresh bed linen?	Tu
Could we move it to Monday?	Tu
Could we see the house?	Tu
Could we stay here a little while and take a look around?	Tu
Could we try to climb that hill?	Tu
Could you arrange it?	Tu
Could you delay him for a moment?	Tu
Could you explain yourself a bit more clearly?	Tu
Could you give me some background on this vine, including care, hardiness and propagation?	Tu
Could you help me, please?	Tu
Could you please find out where it is?	Tu
Could you release me on bail?	Tu
Could you show it to me?	Tu
Could you take a picture of us?	Tu
Could you take us to some good bar?	Tu
Could you weigh it for me?	Tu
Did I speak out of turn?	Tu
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill?	Td
Did he argue too?	Tu
Did he have intercourse with her?	Tu
Did he hurt you?	Tu
Did she get into university?	Tu
Did she sleep with him?	Tu
Did you ask him about it?	Tu
Did you buy the tickets?	Tu
Did you discover anything?	Tu
Did you enjoy your meal?	Tu
Did you get it?	Tu
Did you get that joke?	Tu
Did you like the movie?	Tu
Did you make it?	Tu
Did you need anything?	Tu
Did you pass the exams?	Tu
Did you report it?	Tu
Did you see the last episode?	Tu
Did you send?	Tu
Did you succeed?	Tu
Did you take your temperature?	Tu
Did you try the sweater on?	Tu
Did you understand?	Tu
Didn't you know it?	Tu
Do I have to fill out a customs declaration?	Tu
Do I have to pay tax on that?	Tu
Do I have to wear a polo shirt?	Tu
Do I look good in it?	Tu
Do I need a permit to fish?	Tu
Do I need a prescription?	Tu
Do I pay for the prescription?	Tu
Do I pay per person or for a tent?	Td
Do the books succeed because they combat feelings of powerlessness or because they encourage unabashed egocentricity?	Td
Do they go together?	Tu
Do they pay well?	Tu
Do we have to clean the room before leaving?	Tu
Do we pay now or on departure?	Td
Do you agree?	Tu
Do you also have baby skis?	Tu
Do you believe in God?	Tu
Do you call this a good dinner?	Tu
Do you cash travellers' checks?	Tu
Do you charge a fee?	Tu
Do you come from far away?	Tu
Do you consider it necessary?	Tu
Do you drink beer?	Tu
Do you drive to work?	Tu
Do you ever have dreams?	Td
Do you get it?	Tu
Do you happen to have a couple of extra blankets?	Tu
Do you happen to have jumper cables?	Tu
Do you have a big family?	Tu
Do you have a cheaper room?	Tu
Do you have a counter-current pool here?	Tu
Do you have a family?	Tu
Do you have a girlfriend?	Tu
Do you have a place to stay in?	Tu
Do you have a vacant room?	Tu
Do you have a working visa?	Tu
Do you have an appointment?	Tu
Do you have any children?	Tu
Do you have any discounts?	Td
Do you have any health problems?	Tu
Do you have any pain?	Tu
Do you have any siblings?	Tu
Do you have any specialties?	Tu
Do you have any suggestions for helping my yard to become a place that stray cats will view as highly unfriendly and uninviting?	Tu
Do you have anything similar?	Tu
Do you have anything to declare?	Tu
Do you have enough money to buy it?	Tu
Do you have it?	Tu
Do you have outside seating?	Tu
Do you have something for seasickness?	Tu
Do you have something to say?	Tu
Do you have tickets?	Tu
Do you insist?	Tu
Do you know a man by the name of Mouratidis?	Tu
Do you know anything about engines?	Tu
Do you know how to deal with it?	Tu
Do you know how to go about it?	Tu
Do you know it or is it a guess?	Td
Do you know my wife?	Tu
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn?	Tu
Do you know this place?	Tu
Do you know your way around Prague?	Tu
Do you like the beer?	Tu
Do you live in an apartment building or in a house?	Td
Do you mind if I sit here?	Tu
Do you need a pick-up from the airport?	Tu
Do you need anything else?	Tu
Do you offer any boat trips to the close islands?	Tu
Do you offer group discounts?	Tu
Do you paint your nails?	Tu
Do you play guitar?	Tu
Do you rate him among your friends?	Tu
Do you release fish back into the water?	Tu
Do you rent beach umbrellas too?	Tu
Do you rent diving equipment?	Tu
Do you rent surfboards?	Tu
Do you require a deposit?	Tu
Do you sell data media?	Tu
Do you speak English?	Tu
Do you still care for me?	Tu
Do you still love him?	Tu
Do you take sugar?	Tu
Do you think all people who drink alcohol are neglectful parents or alcoholic?	Td
Do you think so?	Tu
Do you understand me?	Tu
Do you use cold-pressed virgin olive oil or walnut oil?	Td
Do you value your hide?	Tu
Do you want me to call him?	Tu
Do you want me to light the fireplace?	Tu
Do you want to add something more?	Tu
Do you want to come for dinner?	Tu
Do you want to lead the route?	Tu
Do you want to swap seats?	Tu
Do you wear glasses?	Tu
Do you work shifts?	Tu
Does any of you know it?	Tu
Does he take drugs?	Tu
Does it concern me?	Tu
Does it have any side effects?	Tu
Does it matter?	Tu
Does it really work?	Tu
Does it sound familiar?	Tu
Does she have a steady?	Tu
Does that suit you?	Tu
Does the dog bite?	Tu
Does this hotel have its own beach?	Tu
Don't we encourage racial, ethnic and religious segregation with all of this hyphenation?	Tu
Don't you regret giving so much money away?	Tu
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two?	Tu
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse?	Tu
Excuse me, can I open the window?	Tu
Fancy a beer?	Tu
Feel like playing pool?	Tu
For how much?	Td
For what reason?	Td
Four division winners and the runner-ups in each division?	Tu
From what age?	Td
Gorbachev ask to visit the Hoover Institution of War, Peace and Revolution, only to jilt the conservative research institute?	Tu
Halt! Who goes there?	Td
Has politics ever seemed more ignoble than in these clumsy, self-serving attempts to justify a deviation from orthodoxy?	Tu
Has the cat got your tongue?	Tu
Have I ever lied to you?	Tu
Have I missed anything?	Tu
Have we left anybody out?	Tu
Have we met before?	Tu
Have you any further questions?	Tu
Have you been here before?	Tu
Have you caught anything?	Tu
Have you closed the window?	Tu
Have you done the shopping yet?	Tu
Have you dusted your room?	Tu
Have you ever been on a plane?	Tu
Have you ever been there?	Tu
Have you ever been to the theatre?	Tu
Have you ever hit a hole in one?	Tu
Have you ever played darts?	Tu
Have you ever thought of settling down?	Tu
Have you explained it to him?	Tu
Have you finished school yet?	Tu
Have you gone nuts?	Tu
Have you got a moment?	Tu
Have you got any suggestions?	Tu
Have you got nothing to do?	Tu
Have you heard of them?	Tu
Have you locked the door?	Tu
Have you made the bed?	Tu
Have you read it?	Tu
Have you seen it yet?	Tu
Have you seen the film?	Tu
Have you slept well?	Tu
Have you tried it yet?	Tu
Haven't you finished yet?	Tu
He gave it to me. Really?	Tu
Heads or tails?	Td
How about a little Bach in your brassiere?	Td
How about a shot of vodka?	Td
How about an animatronic panda, a tiger selling vodka and a vanity poster promoting Saddam Hussein?	Td
How about going to the theatre?	Td
How about some beer?	Td
How am I supposed to take it?	Td
How are they doing?	Td
How are things looking?	Td
How are we doing?	Td
How are you doing financially?	Td
How are you feeling?	Td
How big is it?	Td
How can I handle a crazy in-law in this situation?	Td
How can I lessen my load without cracking her fragile personality?	Td
How can I select the text?	Td
How can they find pleasure in it?	Td
How can we get to the ski lift?	Td
How can you find pleasure in this?	Td
How can you say such a thing?	Td
How come he is not here?	Td
How could I answer the question on the spur of the moment?	Td
How could I have been so stupid?	Td
How could a figure so calculated and artificial, so clinical and strangely antiseptic, so stripped of genuine eroticism have become the icon of her generation?	Td
How could we trust you then?	Td
How deep can I dive?	Td
How did it go?	Td
How did it really happen?	Td
How did she fare?	Td
How did you fare?	Td
How did you get here?	Td
How did you like it?	Td
How do I do it up?	Td
How do I engage the cruise control?	Td
How do I get there?	Td
How do I get to the airport?	Td
How do I look?	Td
How do I type an apostrophe here?	Td
How do we fairly allocate compensation for past collective sins against a bygone generation?	Td
How do we get to the Czech embassy?	Td
How do we get to the ferry port?	Td
How do we get to the stadium?	Td
How do you do?	Td
How do you feel about global outsourcing and offshoring?	Td
How do you get along with him?	Td
How do you know?	Td
How do you put up with it?	Td
How do you solve a problem like electronica?	Td
How does a carmaker unlock the door to reaching distracted, elusive customers in an increasingly competitive category?	Td
How does it concern them?	Td
How does it feel?	Td
How does it go on?	Td
How does it work?	Td
How else can I find it out?	Td
How far along is she?	Td
How far is it to Cairo?	Td
How fast are we going?	Td
How fast does it go?	Td
How is he coping?	Td
How is it done?	Td
How is it played?	Td
How is it spelled?	Td
How long are the stops?	Td
How long are you going to keep me here?	Td
How long before departure should I be at the airport?	Td
How long can you hold your breath?	Td
How long does it take on foot?	Td
How long does it take to get to the airport by taxi?	Td
How long does the film last?	Td
How long does the hike take?	Td
How long does the ride take?	Td
How long does the tour take?	Td
How long has it been since you saw a hitchhiker?	Td
How long have you been cheating on her?	Td
How long have you been living here?	Td
How long have you been waiting here?	Td
How long have you known each other?	Td
How long is it?	Td
How long is the warranty period?	Td
How long should I take the medicine?	Td
How long should my air last?	Td
How long will it take to find my luggage?	Td
How long will it take you?	Td
How long will the huge storm continue to paralyze a campaign that is racing toward its conclusion?	Td
How long will the treatment take?	Td
How lucky can you get?	Td
How many beers have you had?	Td
How many fishing rods can I use at the same time?	Td
How many litres can the bottle hold?	Td
How many miles is it?	Td
How many of you are there?	Td
How many people are coming?	Td
How many people will be there?	Td
How many stops is it from here?	Td
How many times a week do you meet?	Td
How many times did you meet?	Td
How many times must I say it?	Td
How much are fifty balls on a driving range?	Td
How much are tickets?	Td
How much can we cash in on it?	Td
How much did they charge for it?	Td
How much do I owe you?	Td
How much do you charge for a page?	Td
How much do you intend to spend on it?	Td
How much do you make a year?	Td
How much do you weigh?	Td
How much does it cost?	Td
How much does it pay?	Td
How much does this dumbbell weigh?	Td
How much is a room for two people per night?	Td
How much is an adult ticket?	Td
How much is it altogether?	Td
How much is it per night?	Td
How much is it?	Td
How much is one ride?	Td
How much is the admission fee?	Tu
How much is the electricity per day?	Td
How much is the rental for one hour?	Td
How much is the ticket?	Td
How much longer must I wait?	Td
How much money have you got?	Td
How much more work do you have to do?	Td
How much should I withdraw?	Td
How much time do we have?	Td
How much will it approximately cost?	Td
How much will you bet?	Td
How much would be an all-day rental of this yacht?	Td
How much would the bail be?	Td
How often do you go there?	Td
How often do you travel abroad?	Td
How old are you, daddy?	Td
How old are you?	Td
How should I know?	Td
How should I take his remark?	Td
How tall are you?	Td
How to remove stains from the tablecloth?	Tu
How was it, you said?	Td
How wide is it?	Td
How would you classify this plant?	Td
How you doin'?	Td
How's the old lady?	Td
How's your old lady?	Td
I liked the idea of traveling so spontaneously, but without reservations, would I end up in a fleabag, or worse, with no room at all?	Td
I'm fine. And you?	Tu
If Anderson is guilty, how did a man of undisputed intelligence, with influential friends, display such recklessness?	Td
If given the opportunity, would they switch from saccharin to aspartame, use a saccharine and aspartame combination or keep their present saccharin formulation?	Td
In retrospect, despite your bellyaching about multilateralism and weapons of mass destruction, can you bring yourself to admit Iraq is better off without Saddam Hussein?	Td
Is affirmative action, for example, a bestowal of special privilege or a necessary remedy of centuries of unequal opportunity?	Td
Is anybody using this computer?	Tu
Is breakfast included in the price?	Tu
Is he a genius or a jackass, fiend or fathead?	Td
Is he around?	Tu
Is he still alive?	Tu
Is he the comet with the flattop haircut?	Tu
Is it a direct flight?	Tu
Is it a travelog of Italy, England, Switzerland, Russia and Germany?	Tu
Is it better to have a mountain bike for this route?	Tu
Is it cheaper to buy a round-trip ticket right away?	Tu
Is it contagious?	Tu
Is it far from here?	Tu
Is it for me?	Tu
Is it frosty here at night?	Tu
Is it going to hurt?	Tu
Is it his car?	Tu
Is it me or is Texas receiver Roy Williams the most overrated player in college football?	Td
Is it memory card included?	Tu
Is it possible to climb to the top of the tower?	Tu
Is it possible to get there by car as well?	Tu
Is it possible to go to the upper deck?	Tu
Is it possible to rent a boat?	Tu
Is it possible to sound crusty or confessional electronically?	Tu
Is it repaired yet?	Tu
Is it safe to leave our stuff in the tent?	Tu
Is it still raining?	Tu
Is it understood?	Tu
Is it warm outside?	Tu
Is it worth it?	Tu
Is it you?	Tu
Is our train on time?	Tu
Is rock climbing allowed here?	Tu
Is she your wife?	Tu
Is something wrong with it?	Tu
Is that a fact?	Tu
Is that it?	Tu
Is that why she left him?	Tu
Is the clock accurate?	Tu
Is the deposit refundable?	Tu
Is the new cop on the securities beat armed with a peashooter?	Tu
Is the picture straight?	Tu
Is the terrain rough?	Tu
Is the water safe to drink?	Tu
Is there a department store near here?	Td
Is there a gas station nearby?	Tu
Is there a nearer airport?	Tu
Is there a nude beach around here?	Tu
Is there a payphone here?	Tu
Is there a place to eat near here?	Tu
Is there a place with a view of the city?	Tu
Is there a printer here?	Tu
Is there a shower in our room?	Tu
Is there a sleeping car?	Tu
Is there a swimming pool or lido near here?	Tu
Is there a universally attractive house, or is it all a matter of individual taste, particular predilection, class preference and acculturation?	Td
Is there air conditioning here?	Tu
Is there an Internet café around here?	Tu
Is there any commentary during the cruise?	Tu
Is there any extra charge for pets?	Tu
Is there any other way to get there?	Tu
Is there any private accommodation here?	Tu
Is there any truth to the belief that an egg can be stood on its end during the equinox?	Tu
Is there any way to do it?	Tu
Is there anybody around here who can help me fix it?	Tu
Is there anything else I can do for you?	Tu
Is there anything that can be done through the Realtor organization?	Tu
Is there enough snow?	Tu
Is there public Internet access in the library?	Tu
Is there something between you two?	Tu
Is this a misprint that increases the value of the coin?	Tu
Is this a two passenger jet ski?	Tu
Is this anybody's?	Tu
Is this one reduced too?	Tu
Is this table free?	Tu
Is this voyage autobiography or historiography, a kind of docudrama or fiction?	Td
Isn't it a bit too much?	Tu
Isn't it too heavy for you?	Tu
Isn't that so?	Tu
It doesn't matter, does it?	Tu
It's cold, isn't it?	Tu
It's true, isn't it?	Tu
Like what's a sacred cow, shutterbug, social butterfly or mouse potato?	Td
Looking for a little more oomph on the interest you earn on your old-fashioned savings account?	Tu
May I ask you for something?	Tu
May I come along?	Tu
May I enter?	Tu
May I go?	Tu
May I interrupt you for a minute?	Tu
May I leave the state with the car?	Tu
May I open the window?	Tu
May I smoke here?	Tu
May I use your phone?	Tu
May we come in?	Tu
Must I change trains?	Tu
Must I pay duty for it?	Tu
Need I say more?	Tu
No bells ringing?	Tu
No offence, but why are you doing it?	Td
Now just what do you want to know?	Td
Now, you do have to purchase seven nights at various hotels participating in the promotion, but airfare to Hawaii?	Tu
Oh yes?	Tu
Or do the hearing-impaired have a right to rear their children within a somewhat separatist subculture?	Tu
Or have they already devised one?	Td
Or maybe a cute little hedgehog, ferret, chimpanzee, tarantula or boa constrictor?	Tu
Or, to put it another way, what is their motivation?	Td
Otherwise, why was her beauty undiminished on those occasions when she looked puffy or drugged or chubby or haggard or silly or exhausted?	Td
Plus, why would you ever want to give someone a practice rep on anything?	Td
Right?	Tu
Say what?	Tu
Scared a slick CEO might sweet-talk you out of your retirement nest egg?	Tu
Shall I do it?	Tu
Shall I get you a chair?	Tu
Shall I take it with me?	Tu
Shall we go for a walk?	Tu
Shall we go to my place?	Tu
Shall we play doubles?	Tu
Shall we sit at the bar?	Tu
Shall we wait or go elsewhere?	Td
Should I call him?	Tu
Should I go with a 6 or 7 iron?	Td
Should I leave or not?	Tu
Should I turn the computer off?	Tu
So how did you do?	Td
So how will playing in high school, college, or even youth football leagues affect brain development?	Td
So tomorrow week?	Tu
So what do you think?	Td
So what is the problem?	Td
So what?	Td
Some tea or coffee?	Tu
Somewhere in those immense numbers, might there not be room for a couple of science projects that would forever enrich and edify humanity?	Tu
Sorry?	Tu
Such an impulsive act is no recommendation, but is it emblematic or merely anecdotal?	Td
Suppose I did come, would you pay me?	Tu
That much?	Tu
The one with the tic in the speedometer so its top speed is either 45 or 85?	Tu
There are so many problems here at home, why dump money into some foreign hellhole?	Td
They show us how ugly we can be, how poisonous and ill, so we may recoil and say, Whoa, you know what?	Td
To be or not to be?	Td
Until when should I wait?	Td
Wait, who's this?	Td
Was it always like this?	Tu
Was it really necessary for the Chicago police to strip-search women arrested for traffic violations?	Tu
Was there ever a more malignant and extraordinary hallucination?	Tu
We are in a depression, and we are supposed to ooh and ah as destructive machines of death do acrobatics above the Bay?	Tu
Well then?	Tu
Well, then?	Td
Were city officials guilty of callousness or nonfeasance?	Tu
What about a swim?	Td
What about the Peripatetic Patriot Act of 2003?	Td
What all is missing?	Td
What am I supposed to do?	Td
What are the advantages of this solution?	Td
What are the odds of finding him?	Td
What are the safety precautions?	Td
What are the working conditions?	Td
What are they doing there?	Td
What are you afraid of?	Td
What are you cooking?	Td
What are you doing tomorrow night?	Td
What are you doing with it?	Td
What are you eating?	Td
What are you interested in?	Td
What are you looking at?	Td
What are you planning for tonight?	Td
What are you reading?	Td
What are you talking about?	Td
What are you trying to achieve?	Td
What are you trying to say?	Td
What are you watching?	Td
What are your feelings for each other?	Td
What are your hobbies?	Td
What are your plans for the future?	Td
What better way is there to close the gap between middle-class privilege and opportunities and lower-class despair and isolation?	Td
What brings you here?	Td
What can I do to reverse the crystallization?	Td
What can I say to that?	Td
What can you see in the picture?	Td
What color is it?	Td
What could you say to that?	Td
What date is it today?	Td
What day is it tomorrow?	Td
What did he actually do there?	Td
What did he say?	Td
What did we have for homework?	Td
What did you dream about?	Td
What did you hope to achieve?	Td
What did you say?	Tu
What did you use to open it?	Td
What do I get from it?	Td
What do we do now?	Td
What do you call it?	Td
What do you drink?	Td
What do you enjoy doing?	Td
What do you expect from life?	Td
What do you have in mind?	Td
What do you have on tap?	Td
What do you like best?	Td
What do you like to do?	Td
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct?	Td
What do you mean?	Td
What do you read?	Td
What do you say to that?	Td
What do you think of it?	Td
What do you think?	Td
What do you want to do about it?	Td
What do you wish?	Td
What does Israel have against Tyre and its inhabitants?	Td
What does it feel like?	Td
What does it imply?	Td
What does it look like?	Td
What does it mean?	Td
What does it serve for?	Td
What does it taste like?	Td
What does she want from you?	Td
What does the law say?	Td
What does the word mean?	Td
What don't you like about it?	Td
What else can I do?	Td
What else did you expect?	Td
What evidence do you have against me?	Td
What exactly would the job involve?	Td
What floor do you live on?	Td
What gives you that idea?	Td
What good is it?	Td
What got into you?	Td
What happened to you?	Td
What has taken you so long?	Td
What have I done wrong?	Td
What have you done or accomplished to earn my vote in 2012?	Td
What if Jeanne failed him?	Td
What if she did not come to the rock?	Td
What inspired him to change his name?	Td
What is expected of me?	Td
What is included in the price?	Tu
What is it about?	Td
What is it good for?	Td
What is it supposed to be?	Td
What is it that makes you want to reach out and touch the impossible image of a hologram?	Td
What is its weight?	Td
What is the access password here?	Td
What is the date today?	Td
What is the matter?	Td
What is the meaning of life?	Td
What is the name of that mountain?	Td
What is the name of this street?	Td
What is the origin of the name and what is the correct pronunciation?	Td
What is the price for a car and two passengers?	Td
What is the route back there like?	Td
What is the solution for satisfying intercourse for both partners if anger exists in their relationship?	Td
What is the towing service number?	Td
What is the weather like in your country now?	Td
What is worrying you?	Td
What is your age?	Td
What is your favourite meal?	Td
What is your weight?	Td
What kept you so long?	Td
What kind of material is it?	Td
What kind of music do you listen to?	Td
What kind of person is he?	Td
What kind of world is this where tradition leads to fratricide in the name of order?	Td
What languages do you speak besides German?	Td
What made him do it?	Td
What made you do it?	Td
What means of transportation should I take then?	Td
What more can you ask for?	Td
What numbers came out in the draw?	Td
What other profession would be structured to disregard expertise, to boot out the competent, the incompetent and the indifferent so arbitrarily?	Td
What place did he finish in?	Td
What possessed you?	Td
What remains in the car?	Td
What school do you go to?	Td
What shall we start with?	Td
What should I do?	Td
What should we definitely see?	Td
What size do you wear?	Td
What sort of a person is that?	Td
What stand did they take?	Td
What station do you want to listen to?	Td
What the hell is he doing?	Td
What time do the shops close?	Td
What time do we set off?	Td
What time do you get up?	Td
What time do you lock up at night?	Td
What time do you usually get up?	Td
What time does my plane take off?	Td
What time does the game start?	Td
What time does the train leave?	Td
What time is it?	Td
What time is the train due?	Td
What time should we meet?	Td
What time will you be there?	Td
What use is it?	Td
What was he phoning for, anyway?	Td
What was she wearing?	Td
What was the object of that international jollification?	Td
What was your general impression?	Td
What were you thinking?	Td
What will airport security adduce, as a reason other than ethnic background, to justify special curiosity?	Td
What will the weather be like?	Td
What will you do with the money?	Td
What will you have to drink?	Td
What would happen if I told him?	Td
What would you advise?	Td
What would you like?	Td
What's bothering you?	Td
What's come over him?	Td
What's eating you?	Td
What's going on?	Td
What's got into you?	Td
What's his point?	Td
What's making the sounds?	Td
What's my holiday entitlement?	Tu
What's on TV?	Td
What's on tap here?	Td
What's on?	Td
What's taking them so long?	Td
What's that long face about?	Td
What's that?	Td
What's the address of this place?	Td
What's the best bait for catfish?	Td
What's the capital of Iceland?	Td
What's the catch?	Td
What's the date today?	Td
What's the exchange rate?	Td
What's the hurry?	Td
What's the lesson to be learned from this?	Td
What's the matter with him?	Td
What's the matter?	Td
What's the next station?	Td
What's the point?	Td
What's the profit?	Td
What's the score?	Td
What's the temperature at one thousand metres?	Td
What's the top speed of it?	Td
What's the use?	Td
What's up?	Td
What's wrong with him?	Td
What's wrong with that?	Td
What's your address?	Td
What's your e-mail address?	Td
What's your favorite color?	Td
What's your height?	Td
What's your opinion of that?	Td
What's your poison?	Td
What's your shoe size?	Td
What, then, does prime time insinuate about the currently blazing issue of sexual harassment?	Td
When are we going to cross the border?	Td
When can I come?	Td
When can I reach her?	Td
When can you start?	Td
When did it happen?	Td
When did they arrive?	Td
When did you send the e-mail?	Td
When do I have to return the car?	Tu
When do we start open water dives?	Td
When do you go to work?	Td
When do you want to have it back?	Td
When is it my turn?	Td
When is the first stopover?	Td
When is the next ferry?	Td
When shall we take a break?	Td
When should I get off?	Td
When should he come back?	Td
When was the last time a campus official violated this fealty to leftist orthodoxy?	Td
When were you born?	Td
When will he be back?	Td
When will it be over?	Td
When will it stop?	Td
When will they come?	Td
When will you be back?	Td
When will you come to see us?	Td
When will you discharge me?	Td
When will you grow up?	Td
When's the next train to Vienna?	Td
Where are the garbage containers here?	Td
Where are the showers?	Td
Where are the toilets on board?	Td
Where are we actually going?	Td
Where are we? What station is this?	Td
Where are you from?	Td
Where are you going on vacation?	Td
Where are you going?	Td
Where are you staying?	Td
Where are your children?	Td
Where can I claim a VAT refund?	Td
Where can I complain about lost luggage?	Td
Where can I find a rag and a bucket?	Td
Where can I get the book?	Td
Where can I get tickets?	Td
Where can I reclaim my luggage?	Td
Where can we arrange a sightseeing tour?	Tu
Where can we get some info about the city?	Td
Where can we leave our skis?	Td
Where can we pitch our tent?	Td
Where did I go wrong?	Td
Where did he go?	Td
Where did they go?	Td
Where did you come by this?	Td
Where did you get that?	Td
Where did you learn it?	Td
Where did you meet?	Td
Where did you put it?	Td
Where did you see her first?	Td
Where did you study?	Td
Where do I check in?	Td
Where do I go for the exam?	Td
Where do the sightseeing cruises start?	Td
Where do you develop your films?	Td
Where do you get those ideas?	Td
Where do you live?	Td
Where does he study?	Td
Where does the chair go to?	Td
Where does this bus go?	Td
Where does this road go to?	Td
Where else if not here?	Td
Where exactly are we going?	Td
Where has he come from?	Td
Where have you been?	Td
Where is he? Where indeed?	Td
Where is our liberty lager, our patriotic Pilsner, our red, white and blue stripe?	Td
Where is the dining car?	Td
Where is the drugstore here?	Td
Where is the hotel restaurant?	Td
Where is the nearest ATM?	Td
Where is the nearest campground?	Td
Where is the nearest hospital?	Td
Where is the nearest mailbox?	Tu
Where is the nearest parking lot?	Td
Where is the nearest police station?	Td
Where is the next nearest ski lift?	Td
Where is the ship's bureau de change?	Td
Where shall I drop you off?	Td
Where shall I pay for it?	Td
Where shall we go tomorrow evening?	Td
Where should I punch the ticket?	Td
Where should I sign it?	Td
Where was it?	Td
Where were you?	Td
Where would you like to sit?	Td
Where's the checkout counter?	Td
Where, in other words, is the invisible linguistic threshold between hermetic isolation and communication?	Td
Which architect designed it?	Tu
Which bus number do I take to get there?	Td
Which counter is for posting parcels?	Tu
Which iron should I use now?	Td
Which local sights do you recommend?	Td
Which of them is yours?	Td
Which one do you want?	Td
Which one is the largest?	Td
Which one will you take?	Td
Which piste is the longest?	Td
Which way did he go?	Td
Which year are you in?	Td
Who am I speaking with?	Td
Who are you going with?	Td
Who are you looking for?	Td
Who are you trying to kid?	Td
Who are you?	Td
Who benefited from it?	Td
Who can jump the highest?	Td
Who caused it?	Td
Who could have done it?	Td
Who could help us?	Td
Who did you give it to?	Td
Who do you root for?	Td
Who do you think I am?	Td
Who do you want to speak to?	Td
Who do you want to talk to?	Td
Who does it belong to?	Td
Who else if not him?	Td
Who gave it to you?	Td
Who gave you the permission?	Td
Who has been tampering with my PC?	Td
Who has brought the flowers?	Td
Who has not experienced the thrill of biophilia?	Td
Who is at fault?	Td
Who is going to be the next president?	Td
Who is going to take his place?	Td
Who is it?	Td
Who is playing whom?	Td
Who is that guy?	Td
Who is the strongest?	Td
Who is to blame?	Td
Who knows what the next year has in store for us?	Td
Who ordered you to do this?	Td
Who scored?	Td
Who should I turn to?	Td
Who taught you that?	Td
Who the devil gave it to you to be judge and jury?	Td
Who told you this nonsense?	Td
Who told you?	Td
Who was it?	Td
Who will arrange for tickets?	Td
Who will benefit from it?	Td
Who will profit from it?	Td
Who will you side with?	Td
Who's babysitting for you?	Td
Who's forcing you?	Td
Who's gonna pay the rest?	Td
Who's leading?	Td
Who's responsible for it?	Td
Who's taking care of it?	Td
Who's that?	Td
Who's there?	Td
Whom should I ask?	Td
Whose fault is it?	Td
Whose is it?	Td
Whose responsibility is this?	Td
Why am I arrested?	Td
Why are so many readers engrossed in books that feature such apparently uncongenial subject matter?	Td
Why are you asking me this?	Td
Why are you crying?	Td
Why couldn't he tell me straight out?	Td
Why did the referee not confer with the timekeeper until he had already made his decision?	Td
Why did you do that?	Td
Why didn't they invite you?	Td
Why do all the TV anchorwomen sit on the left side of their male counterparts?	Td
Why don't you ask him outright?	Td
Why don't you try it more often?	Td
Why ever not?	Td
Why has our collective imagination concerning the male sex become so perverse and hallucinogenic?	Td
Why is he lying to us?	Td
Why is rock perceived as an inapt music genre?	Td
Why just me?	Td
Why not give her a call?	Td
Why not?	Td
Why on earth don't you take something?	Td
Why should I do it?	Td
Why should we let a vile apparatchik like you escape unscathed into a comfortable old age like some aged Nazi criminal in Argentina?	Td
Why was my complaint rejected?	Td
Why would they hold animus toward the agency charged with collecting taxes from their hard-fought earnings?	Td
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil?	Td
Will God use lies merely to scare men into subjection and keep the world in order?	Td
Will gobsmacked be a nonce word, passing through the language, soon to be forgotten?	Tu
Will it be hard?	Tu
Will it hurt?	Tu
Will it take long?	Tu
Will there be more attacks?	Tu
Will we make it in time?	Tu
Will you be free tomorrow?	Tu
Will you call me sometime?	Tu
Will you cover for me?	Tu
Will you deliver a speech?	Tu
Will you do me a favour?	Tu
Will you fill in for me?	Tu
Will you fix a flat tire?	Tu
Will you give me a hand?	Tu
Will you give me a ride?	Tu
Will you help me do it?	Tu
Will you join us?	Tu
Will you know him?	Tu
Will you lend me some money?	Td
Will you manage it yourself?	Tu
Will you pay by cash or cheque?	Td
Will you recognize him?	Tu
Will you see to it that it is done in time?	Tu
Will you stay overnight?	Tu
Will you take me to the city?	Tu
Will you teach me how to tee off properly?	Tu
Will you verify it for me?	Tu
Worried that jeggings will make you look bigger than you really are?	Tu
Would that hack know a Masters story for the ages if walked right up to Amen Corner on a Sunday afternoon?	Tu
Would you accept it?	Tu
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me?	Td
Would you believe it?	Tu
Would you bring me a glass?	Tu
Would you care for some juice?	Tu
Would you fancy coming?	Tu
Would you help me, please?	Tu
Would you like beer, wine or something stronger?	Td
Would you like fries with that?	Tu
Would you like something to drink?	Tu
Would you like to eat something?	Tu
Would you like to leave a message for him?	Tu
Would you like to take a horse ride?	Tu
Would you please open the window?	Tu
Would you take me there?	Tu
Wouldn't it be better to wait?	Tu
You are a rude, thoughtless little pig, okay?	Tu
You didn't go there, did you?	Td
You don't think I'll give it to you, do you?	Tu
You told him, didn't you?	Tu
You were not there, were you?	Tu
You won't tell him, will you?	Tu
You wouldn't lend it to me, would you?	Tu
