Admit that its doctrinal premises were supremely naive and its policies deeply corrosive to American influence?	Tu
After all, what good is a cookout burger, hot dogs or backyard barbecue fest without some good, crunchy pickles?	Td
Alpha, Bravo do you read me?	Tu
Am I disturbing you?	Tu
Am I right?	Tu
Am I supposed to go now?	Tu
And as for those glasses that make him look like a myopic bullfrog?	Td
And having done so, why denature them by selections that render the misleading impression that they are far more accessible than they in fact are?	Td
And how about tomorrow?	Td
And how is any company, armed even with sophisticated quick-change stage machinery, to put it convincingly onstage?	Td
And if so, are you pigheaded, delusional, or just plain nuts?	Td
And then what?	Td
And what about that suitcase over there?	Td
And what about the rest of it?	Td
And what about, let's say, the Japanese?	Td
And what happened then?	Td
And what if something happened to her?	Td
And what's the point of that?	Td
And, by the way, why should the afterlife be everlasting?	Td
Any advance on that?	Tu
Any ideas?	Tu
Any news?	Tu
Anything else?	Tu
Are drinks included?	Tu
Are there also ski runs for beginners here?	Tu
Are there any free chairs?	Tu
Are there any parts of town unwelcome to such cooperative, large-scale beautification projects?	Tu
Are there any suggestions?	Tu
Are there any volunteers?	Tu
Are there public toilets near here?	Tu
Are these seats free?	Tu
Are these waters safe for surfing?	Tu
Are they biting?	Tu
Are they having an affair?	Tu
Are visitors allowed here?	Tu
Are we allowed to leave the trail?	Tu
Are we going to backtrack?	Tu
Are we ready to outwit, outplay and outlast, or do we have enough reality to deal with?	Td
Are we supposed to soothe, educate, moralize, or stupefy?	Td
Are you all right?	Tu
Are you any relation?	Tu
Are you awake?	Tu
Are you blind or something?	Tu
Are you coming with us?	Tu
Are you crazy?	Tu
Are you enjoying yourself?	Tu
Are you for real?	Tu
Are you free tomorrow?	Tu
Are you free?	Tu
Are you fucking crazy?	Tu
Are you going somewhere?	Tu
Are you healthy?	Tu
Are you here for the first time?	Tu
Are you here on vacation or on business?	Td
Are you in pain?	Tu
Are you invited?	Tu
Are you kidding?	Tu
Are you listening to me?	Tu
Are you married?	Tu
Are you not our nearest kindred among all the nations of the earth?	Tu
Are you organizing an upcoming car show, vintage rally, car club meeting, classic car display or other automotive event?	Tu
Are you planning to start a family?	Tu
Are you ready?	Tu
Are you rested?	Tu
Are you seeing somebody now?	Tu
Are you serious?	Tu
Are you sitting comfortably?	Tu
Are you still looking for a job?	Tu
Are you taking any medication?	Tu
Are you talking to me?	Tu
Are you trying to get my goat?	Tu
Are you trying to push my buttons?	Tu
Are you waiting for me?	Tu
Are your folks coming?	Tu
Aren't you biased against him?	Tu
As a substitute, is agar-agar any better than cornstarch?	Tu
At what time can you serve breakfast?	Td
BARCELONA, Spain, How seriously does the world take the World Cup?	Td
But even though the concurrence of England, and Austria, and Germany, could be obtained, what would it signify, if Russia still remained recusant?	Td
But how about Sno-Cat skiing, a weekend clinic, or an overnight excursion?	Td
But how can this utterly disproportionate, seemingly indiscriminate carnage be anything but counterproductive?	Td
But if you could invent a robot that serves cocktails, could you not invent a robot that would make a superior bedmate?	Td
But should I really be dreaming of the day when a bunch of rich, ancient men deign to save us from ourselves?	Tu
But what can you do?	Td
But when Bush states our aggressive intentions so glibly, why are Americans so acquiescent?	Td
But who knew a flashlight, utility knife, screwdriver, reflective vest, digital tire gauge and safety flasher could fit in a bottle?	Td
But you did buy it, didn't you?	Tu
By what right do we berate others for their abuses of human rights when we so blatantly abuse them ourselves?	Td
By what time must we vacate the room?	Td
By when should it be done?	Td
Can I ask you a favour?	Tu
Can I board the plane now?	Tu
Can I borrow this line marker?	Tu
Can I borrow your car?	Tu
Can I borrow your telephone directory?	Tu
Can I buy a sports drink here?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on the train?	Tu
Can I buy you a lunch?	Tu
Can I create a shortcut on the desktop?	Tu
Can I do some running on the treadmill?	Tu
Can I get my racket stringed here?	Tu
Can I get out of the car?	Tu
Can I get there by car?	Tu
Can I go now?	Tu
Can I have a look at that perfume?	Tu
Can I have a window seat, please?	Tu
Can I have another coffee?	Tu
Can I have another one?	Tu
Can I have it in smaller notes?	Tu
Can I have one?	Tu
Can I have some water?	Tu
Can I have the check please?	Td
Can I have your phone number?	Tu
Can I hitchhike here?	Tu
Can I keep my catch?	Tu
Can I leave a message for him?	Tu
Can I leave my luggage here?	Tu
Can I leave the car at another branch?	Tu
Can I let my dog run loose here?	Tu
Can I park around here?	Tu
Can I pay cash?	Tu
Can I rent a bike here?	Tu
Can I rent another car around here?	Tu
Can I see your passport?	Tu
Can I stand you a lunch?	Tu
Can I suggest something?	Tu
Can I take a message for him?	Tu
Can I take a shower?	Tu
Can I take my jacket off?	Tu
Can I take off my coat?	Tu
Can I take this on board?	Tu
Can I talk to you for a second?	Tu
Can I talk to your superior?	Tu
Can I try on these trousers?	Tu
Can I turn on the TV?	Tu
Can I use my flash disk to download something?	Tu
Can I use this towel?	Tu
Can I use your phone?	Tu
Can a feisty robotic rover exploring Mars do the same for another generation?	Tu
Can anybody create a user account for me?	Tu
Can he be relied on?	Tu
Can he read?	Tu
Can music promote nonviolence, prevent bloodshed and successfully overthrow an oppressive regime?	Tu
Can this choppy assemblage of familiar complaints be a parody of television earnestness?	Tu
Can we camp here?	Tu
Can we do our laundry here?	Tu
Can we get clean towels please?	Tu
Can we go shelling around here?	Tu
Can we have a short rest?	Tu
Can we have one more knife and fork?	Tu
Can we make fire here?	Tu
Can we pitch a tent here?	Tu
Can we put our food in the fridge?	Tu
Can we rent a snowmobile here?	Tu
Can we sit with you?	Tu
Can we still enter?	Tu
Can we take a look inside?	Tu
Can we take that chair?	Tu
Can we use the kitchen?	Tu
Can you actually imagine that?	Tu
Can you arrange for us to get it?	Tu
Can you be more specific?	Tu
Can you call him to the phone?	Tu
Can you carry it?	Tu
Can you change a twenty euro note?	Tu
Can you change some money for me?	Tu
Can you come some other time?	Tu
Can you comment on the efficacy and safety of nasal capsaicin for rhinitis, sinusitis or sinus headache?	Tu
Can you describe it in more detail?	Tu
Can you do a handstand?	Tu
Can you do thirty pushups?	Tu
Can you drive?	Tu
Can you explain it to me?	Tu
Can you fix it?	Tu
Can you forgive me?	Tu
Can you get us tickets for tomorrow night?	Tu
Can you give me a lift to the station?	Tu
Can you give me change for the phone?	Tu
Can you give me your phone number?	Tu
Can you handle it?	Tu
Can you help me open the door?	Tu
Can you help me put the wet suit on?	Tu
Can you help me to push the car aside?	Tu
Can you help me up with the suitcase?	Tu
Can you help me?	Tu
Can you imagine that?	Tu
Can you introduce us?	Tu
Can you keep an eye on my bag?	Tu
Can you lend me a pen?	Tu
Can you make yourself understood in English?	Tu
Can you move your arm?	Tu
Can you open your luggage please?	Tu
Can you pick me up here in an hour?	Tu
Can you please contact the Czech embassy and tell them what happened?	Tu
Can you please inform my relatives?	Tu
Can you please resend it?	Tu
Can you put him on?	Tu
Can you put me through?	Tu
Can you put us up for just one night?	Tu
Can you read the map?	Tu
Can you recommend a career counselor or headhunter?	Tu
Can you replace it?	Tu
Can you ride a horse?	Tu
Can you see him yet?	Tu
Can you send it to me by e-mail?	Tu
Can you show me how it works?	Tu
Can you show me some leg exercises?	Tu
Can you show me where my seat is?	Tu
Can you show us to our cabin?	Tu
Can you shuffle cards?	Tu
Can you spare a moment for us?	Tu
Can you speak loudly and clearly?	Tu
Can you speak up?	Tu
Can you spread the word?	Tu
Can you take a picture of me with the fish?	Tu
Can you take me to the police station?	Tu
Can you teach me the basics of surfing?	Tu
Can you tell me more about Yap and about a good time to go, how to get there and snorkeling opportunities?	Tu
Can you tell me when we get there?	Tu
Can you tell the difference between actions that favorably affect your destiny and those that purely gratify your ego?	Tu
Can you tie your tie?	Tu
Can you typewrite?	Tu
Can you wait here for a moment?	Tu
Can you wake us up at about seven?	Tu
Can you wrap it up for me?	Tu
Can't tell a resistor from a transistor and want to build a burglar alarm or a musical organ?	Tu
Can't you take a joke?	Tu
Can't you understand me?	Tu
Clever, huh?	Tu
Could I borrow your lifting belt?	Tu
Could I have a blanket?	Tu
Could I play with you?	Tu
Could I rent a trailer as well?	Tu
Could a player violently assault a male administrator and win reinstatement?	Tu
Could it be her who told him?	Tu
Could random, purposeless evolution really have transformed biotic ooze into Beethoven?	Td
Could the incident have anything to do with Jeanne and Pierre?	Tu
Could we do a sightseeing tour?	Tu
Could we meet?	Tu
Could we play tennis around here?	Tu
Could we sit on the terrace?	Tu
Could we swap seats?	Tu
Could you adjust it for me?	Tu
Could you belay me?	Tu
Could you explain it to me?	Tu
Could you give me a lift?	Tu
Could you help me upstairs with my baggage?	Tu
Could you lend me some wax?	Tu
Could you please put your seat back up?	Tu
Could you rub my back with sunscreen?	Tu
Could you show me the way?	Tu
Could you take me to the nearest gas station?	Tu
Could you turn it down a bit?	Tu
Did I possess too much vitality?	Tu
Did I wake you up?	Tu
Did he answer your question?	Tu
Did he confirm it in writing?	Tu
Did he have to tell him right now?	Tu
Did he marry her?	Tu
Did she say anything at all?	Tu
Did you arrive safely?	Tu
Did you ask him about the job?	Tu
Did you check on everything?	Tu
Did you enjoy the party?	Tu
Did you find it okay?	Tu
Did you get laid?	Tu
Did you have a good journey?	Tu
Did you look everywhere?	Tu
Did you make sense of it?	Tu
Did you pass the exam?	Tu
Did you receive our letter?	Tu
Did you score a home run?	Tu
Did you see the match yesterday?	Tu
Did you sleep well?	Tu
Did you take a look at the article?	Tu
Did you tell him about it?	Tu
Did you understand me?	Tu
Didn't I tell you?	Tu
Do I have to fill in all the blanks?	Tu
Do I have to pay for a trailer as well?	Tu
Do I have to wear a cycling helmet?	Tu
Do I know you?	Tu
Do I make myself clear?	Tu
Do I need a permit?	Tu
Do I need a work permit?	Tu
Do I pay now or on departure?	Td
Do I really have to come?	Tu
Do they bite?	Tu
Do they have rooms to rent?	Tu
Do we have any choice?	Tu
Do we have to wear ski helmets too?	Tu
Do you accept these checks?	Tu
Do you also have a garage?	Tu
Do you always do it like this?	Tu
Do you believe me?	Tu
Do you carry oversizes?	Tu
Do you charge a cancellation fee?	Tu
Do you charge reservation fees?	Tu
Do you come here often?	Tu
Do you do any sports?	Tu
Do you drink tap water?	Td
Do you even remember what it was like to be unencumbered by appointments?	Tu
Do you fancy coming too?	Tu
Do you get on well with him?	Tu
Do you happen to have a gas can?	Tu
Do you have Internet access here?	Tu
Do you have a cheaper one?	Tu
Do you have a condom?	Tu
Do you have a different one?	Tu
Do you have a free table?	Tu
Do you have a place to sleep?	Tu
Do you have a residence permit?	Tu
Do you have a watch?	Tu
Do you have access to the Internet?	Tu
Do you have another e-mail address?	Tu
Do you have any dental floss?	Tu
Do you have any fitness machines here?	Tu
Do you have any ideas?	Tu
Do you have any relatives abroad?	Tu
Do you have any small change on you?	Td
Do you have any suggestions for helping my yard become a place that stray cats will view as unfriendly and uninviting?	Tu
Do you have any vacancies?	Tu
Do you have anything to add?	Tu
Do you have draft beer?	Tu
Do you have enough money?	Tu
Do you have other than this one?	Tu
Do you have problems with hooligans?	Tu
Do you have something to eat?	Tu
Do you have these spare parts?	Tu
Do you have your papers in order?	Tu
Do you keep that in mind?	Tu
Do you know any good land around here?	Tu
Do you know each other?	Tu
Do you know how to do it?	Tu
Do you know it for sure?	Tu
Do you know modern art?	Tu
Do you know of any tours with a small group under the guidance of an archeologist?	Tu
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you?	Td
Do you know who you are talking to?	Tu
Do you like classical music?	Tu
Do you live far from here?	Tu
Do you mind if I open the window?	Tu
Do you mind if I smoke here?	Tu
Do you need a ride?	Tu
Do you offer a money back guarantee?	Tu
Do you offer bike tours?	Tu
Do you organize trips?	Tu
Do you play any instruments?	Tu
Do you pluck your eyebrows?	Tu
Do you recognize me?	Tu
Do you remember me?	Tu
Do you rent boats?	Tu
Do you rent golf equipment?	Tu
Do you repair digital cameras?	Tu
Do you require any qualifications?	Td
Do you sell stamps?	Tu
Do you speak any foreign languages?	Tu
Do you still have the warranty card?	Tu
Do you stock oversizes?	Tu
Do you think I'm doing it just for the fun of it?	Tu
Do you think it is allowed?	Tu
Do you understand English?	Tu
Do you understand?	Tu
Do you use energy saving bulbs?	Tu
Do you wanna dance?	Tu
Do you want me to do it?	Tu
Do you want the smaller or the bigger one?	Td
Do you want to change the status or remain a commonwealth; and do you prefer statehood, independence or sovereign for your sociation?	Td
Do you want to go for a beer?	Tu
Do you want to ride a water slide?	Tu
Do you want to watch TV?	Tu
Do you work out on a regular basis?	Tu
Do you work with a computer?	Tu
Does anyone care about it?	Td
Does it come with batteries?	Tu
Does it have an optical zoom?	Tu
Does it hurt?	Tu
Does it mean anything to you?	Tu
Does it ring any bells?	Tu
Does it tally?	Tu
Does that ring any bell?	Tu
Does the car have air-conditioning?	Tu
Does the old boy often go off at half-cock that way?	Tu
Does your offer still hold?	Tu
Don't you know?	Tu
Don't you see I hate you?	Tu
Don't you understand a joke?	Tu
Even he argued?	Tu
Excuse me?	Tu
Feel like going to the hockey game?	Tu
For how many shots will the batteries last?	Td
For instance, how did he graduate high school without reading this slender introduction to existentialism?	Td
For when shall I get the tickets?	Td
Friends?	Tu
From what time?	Td
Got a problem with that?	Td
Has he got a steady girlfriend?	Tu
Has she slept with him?	Tu
Has the trout season begun yet?	Tu
Have I left anything out?	Tu
Have they come yet?	Tu
Have we left anyone out?	Tu
Have you already ordered?	Tu
Have you been drinking?	Tu
Have you brushed your teeth?	Tu
Have you chosen?	Tu
Have you decided yet?	Tu
Have you done your homework yet?	Tu
Have you ever been inside?	Tu
Have you ever been robbed?	Tu
Have you ever been to the Statue of Liberty?	Tu
Have you ever earned dollar by your own labour?	Td
Have you ever made love to a girl?	Tu
Have you ever seen anything like it?	Tu
Have you ever tried it?	Tu
Have you finished it yet?	Tu
Have you finished?	Tu
Have you got a light?	Tu
Have you got any cheese?	Tu
Have you got it?	Tu
Have you had enough?	Tu
Have you kissed yet?	Tu
Have you lost your mind?	Tu
Have you put on sunscreen?	Tu
Have you read the novel?	Tu
Have you seen that brokerage advertisement where the savvy professional woman gets treated like a ditz by some CEO?	Tu
Have you seen the girls?	Tu
Have you spoken about it?	Tu
Have you washed the car?	Tu
Haven't you heard about it?	Tu
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what?	Td
Heck, society also needs balance; why focus obsessively on some unworthy job that offers little fulfillment or social benefit?	Td
How about a piece of cake?	Td
How about a swim?	Td
How about going to the beach?	Tu
How about leading a canoe or kayak trip to an uninhabited island?	Td
How about taking him out somewhere?	Td
How am I supposed to understand it?	Td
How are things going?	Td
How are things?	Td
How are you coping with it?	Td
How are you doing?	Td
How best to broadcast your financial values and seek significant others who share your approach without coming off as a tightwad or a gold digger?	Td
How big is your flat?	Td
How can I help you?	Td
How can I repay you?	Td
How can the poor uncoordinated soul turn the accident into an opportunity?	Td
How can we get in touch with him?	Td
How can you ask?	Td
How can you manage all alone, Mr Young?	Td
How can you tell if a painkilling narcotic, like morphine, methadone or oxycodone, will work for you?	Td
How come?	Td
How could I do it to her?	Td
How could I have known?	Td
How could he explain his possession of the sketch?	Td
How dare some old wino turn a house of God into a flophouse?	Td
How deep is this pool?	Td
How did it happen?	Td
How did she do?	Td
How did you do?	Td
How did you find out?	Td
How did you get the scar?	Td
How did you like the movie?	Td
How do I engage reverse gear?	Td
How do I fasten it?	Td
How do I get to my mailbox?	Td
How do I get to the nearest bus stop to downtown?	Td
How do I switch to macro mode?	Td
How do I use that?	Td
How do we get across the river?	Td
How do we get to the arena?	Td
How do we get to the public beach?	Td
How do we work it out?	Td
How do you explain it?	Td
How do you feel?	Td
How do you keep bath towels from developing white, colorless spots in the washing machine?	Td
How do you pronounce this word?	Td
How do you say it in English?	Td
How do you view it?	Td
How does he cope with it?	Td
How does it fasten?	Td
How does it fit?	Td
How does it look?	Td
How does your wager look now?	Td
How far along are you?	Td
How far from here is it?	Td
How far?	Td
How fast can you fix it?	Td
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark?	Td
How is his health?	Td
How is it going?	Td
How is it progressing?	Td
How is that?	Td
How long are we going to stay underwater?	Td
How long are you going to stay?	Td
How long before the departure time should we check in?	Td
How long do I have to stay in hospital?	Td
How long does it take to get there on foot?	Td
How long does it take to get to the town?	Td
How long does the flight take?	Td
How long does the journey take?	Td
How long does the sightseeing tour take?	Td
How long does the train stop here?	Td
How long have they been together?	Td
How long have you been here?	Td
How long have you been married?	Td
How long have you been working there?	Td
How long in advance can I cancel the reservation without charge?	Td
How long is the course?	Td
How long must I wait for my connection?	Td
How long should it rain?	Td
How long till we get there?	Td
How long will it take to handle my complaint?	Td
How long will it take?	Td
How long will the transfer take?	Td
How long will the weather hold?	Td
How many ants would an anteater eat, if an anteater could eat ants?	Td
How many children do they have?	Td
How many languages do you speak?	Td
How many miles are included in the price?	Td
How many more stops from here is it?	Td
How many parts does it consist of?	Td
How many people think like you?	Td
How many pull-ups can you do?	Td
How many times a day should I take it?	Td
How many times can we hear someone claim to be awesome before we start questioning that awesomeness ourselves?	Td
How many times had immigration agents questioned my legality and my humanity?	Td
How many years do you go out before potential becomes underachiever?	Td
How much are the theatre tickets?	Td
How much can it hold?	Td
How much could it cost?	Td
How much did you spend?	Td
How much do you charge for a minute of waiting time?	Td
How much do you charge per kilometer?	Td
How much do you make a month?	Td
How much do you temper sympathy with congratulations?	Td
How much does it cost to hire a professional organizer?	Td
How much does it make?	Td
How much does it weigh?	Td
How much is a beer here?	Td
How much is a seven-day fishing permit?	Td
How much is half-fare?	Td
How much is it per day?	Td
How much is it per week?	Td
How much is jet ski rental?	Td
How much is such a trip?	Td
How much is the cancellation fee?	Td
How much is the excess baggage fee?	Td
How much is the rental per day?	Td
How much is this city map?	Tu
How much money do you have left?	Td
How much money should I change?	Td
How much older is he?	Td
How much taller is he?	Td
How much was it?	Td
How much will it cost?	Td
How much would a new battery cost?	Td
How much would it be to the airport?	Td
How often do I need check ups?	Td
How often do you see him?	Td
How often does he come?	Td
How old are you, mother?	Td
How old is he?	Td
How should I report someone burning trash or a bonfire?	Td
How should I use it?	Td
How tall is he?	Td
How was I supposed to know?	Td
How was your journey?	Td
How will the tyres perform in winter?	Td
How would you describe it?	Td
How's life?	Td
How's this car going to perform on ice?	Td
I beg your pardon?	Tu
I'll be back in a week, all right?	Tu
I'm going to the soccer game. Will you join me?	Tu
If I stop paying spousal support, can my ex-wife garnishee my Social Security, company pension or my IRA?	Tu
If not now, when?	Td
Is a guide included in the price?	Tu
Is any other insurance included in the price?	Tu
Is anything wrong?	Tu
Is diving allowed here?	Tu
Is he alive?	Tu
Is he single or married?	Td
Is he telling the truth?	Tu
Is it OK for you?	Tu
Is it a transfer ticket?	Tu
Is it allowed?	Tu
Is it boiling yet?	Tu
Is it clear now?	Tu
Is it ever appropriate for a grandmother to expect payment to baby-sit her grandchildren?	Tu
Is it five already?	Tu
Is it for sure?	Tu
Is it going to be a big wedding?	Tu
Is it him?	Tu
Is it humanly possible?	Tu
Is it me or is it cold?	Td
Is it possible at all?	Tu
Is it possible to climb to the very top?	Tu
Is it possible to get there without a guide?	Tu
Is it possible to rent a bike here?	Tu
Is it possible to rent climbing equipment here?	Tu
Is it possible?	Tu
Is it right for me?	Tu
Is it serious?	Tu
Is it to your liking?	Tu
Is it urgent?	Tu
Is it working yet?	Tu
Is it wrong to say no when someone asks you to be a godparent?	Tu
Is living in the city better than living in the country?	Tu
Is overtime paid?	Tu
Is she adulterer, stalker, shoplifter or merely gadabout fruitcake?	Td
Is something the matter?	Tu
Is spearfishing allowed here?	Tu
Is that for us?	Tu
Is that the time?	Tu
Is the belay necessary?	Tu
Is the date still on?	Tu
Is the gas included in the price?	Tu
Is the news credible?	Tu
Is the ski pass valid for all of these pistes?	Tu
Is the trail suitable for older people?	Tu
Is there a clothes horse here?	Tu
Is there a gas station near here?	Tu
Is there a hospital near here?	Tu
Is there a non-smoking area here?	Tu
Is there a park near here?	Tu
Is there a pharmacy near here?	Tu
Is there a place to go here?	Tu
Is there a playing field around here?	Tu
Is there a risk of encountering some dangerous animals?	Tu
Is there a ski rental here?	Tu
Is there a subway station near here?	Tu
Is there a ticket machine near here?	Tu
Is there a way to quickly, safely and thoroughly delete unwanted programs?	Tu
Is there an 18-hole golf course around here?	Tu
Is there an admission charge?	Tu
Is there any diving school around here?	Tu
Is there any lookout point near here?	Tu
Is there any point in it?	Tu
Is there any theme bar near here?	Tu
Is there any waterpark around here?	Tu
Is there any way to respectfully and tactfully respond their comments or redirect the conversation?	Tu
Is there anybody here?	Tu
Is there anything left for me?	Tu
Is there avalanche danger here?	Tu
Is there life on other planets?	Tu
Is there some refreshment available on board?	Tu
Is there something going on between them?	Tu
Is this a stopover flight?	Td
Is this amount efundable?	Tu
Is this exam necessary in my case?	Tu
Is this seat free?	Tu
Is this the room service?	Tu
Is this your first time here?	Tu
Isn't it too expensive?	Tu
Isn't it too strong?	Tu
Isn't this yours?	Tu
It wasn't him, was it?	Tu
It's crazy, isn't it?	Tu
Let's go, shall we?	Tu
Look, what are you doing?	Td
May I ask for your attention?	Tu
May I ask you something?	Tu
May I come in?	Tu
May I go now?	Tu
May I have this dance?	Tu
May I join you?	Tu
May I offer you tea or coffee?	Tu
May I pour you some more?	Tu
May I sunbathe topless here?	Tu
May I?	Tu
Meaning yes?	Tu
Must I go to the hospital?	Tu
Need I go on?	Tu
Need to wrangle a bangle for the rodeo?	Tu
No kidding?	Td
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip?	Td
Now you remember?	Tu
OK?	Tu
Okay then?	Tu
Or had he wisely and resourcefully found a happiness beyond the grueling regime he once obeyed as a touring virtuoso?	Tu
Or is it mixing sexual perversity with political exhibitionism?	Td
Or what if Romney pulled open a panel in his chest revealing that he is, in fact, an android?	Td
Or, to put it more bluntly, will whites vote for black candidates?	Tu
Pardon me?	Td
Really?	Tu
Rinse the green beans, marinate the eggplant, handle those Parmesan cups carefully, will ya?	Tu
Says who?	Td
Shall I carry you?	Tu
Shall I drive?	Tu
Shall I put on the CD?	Tu
Shall we dance?	Tu
Shall we go out tonight?	Tu
Shall we meet next Wednesday?	Tu
Shall we see each other again?	Tu
Shall we swap places?	Tu
Shall we walk?	Tu
Should I do it?	Tu
Should I leave my stuff in the car?	Tu
Should I turn the TV off?	Tu
Should I turn the heating up? Are you cold?	Tu
So how does it feel to be the judge, jury and executioner?	Td
So to answer the question - is there a difference between liberalism and progressivism?	Tu
So what accounts for the paucity of black musicians evident to any concertgoer?	Td
So what does this mean for the moviegoer?	Td
So what's the big deal?	Td
So, what do you say now?	Td
Something with bragging rights, something that would make friends ooh and aah?	Tu
Sorry, what was your name again?	Td
Still, who cares?	Td
Such as?	Td
That far?	Tu
The more relevant question is whither are we drifting as people, as a culture, as inhabitants of a planet we are blithely destroying?	Td
The ring with the terrible power that causes everyone who comes near it to overact?	Tu
There are some stories that are so outrageous, why would you want to fictionalize them?	Td
This begs the question: Was it an accident?	Tu
To what extent?	Td
WHY WOULD THE people of Minnesota elect such a world-class bozo?	Td
Was he fiend or angel, genius or destroyer, future master of the long haul or predestined burnout?	Td
Was it at your place?	Tu
Was she admitted to university?	Tu
Water main break taps murky issue Who pays repair bills for cleanup?	Td
Well then, is it a deal?	Tu
Well, how much longer?	Td
Well, what can I say to that?	Td
What Internet browser should I use?	Td
What about going to a concert?	Td
What about the left over food?	Td
What am I supposed to do with it?	Td
What am I to do with it?	Td
What are the charges against me?	Td
What are the opening hours?	Td
What are the visiting hours?	Td
What are their survival chances?	Td
What are we going to do now?	Td
What are you blaming me for?	Td
What are you doing here?	Td
What are you doing tonight?	Td
What are you driving at?	Td
What are you going to wear?	Td
What are you laughing at?	Td
What are you looking for?	Td
What are you playing at?	Td
What are you studying?	Td
What are you trying to achieve this way?	Td
What are you trying to do?	Td
What are you up to?	Td
What are you writing?	Td
What are your feelings for him?	Td
What are your measurements?	Td
What attitude did they adopt?	Td
What bothers you about it?	Td
What can I do for you?	Td
What can I offer you?	Td
What can you do?	Td
What can you tell me about prednisone, and what else can I do for my arthritis?	Td
What colour do you want?	Td
What crawled up your ass?	Td
What day is it today?	Td
What did I do to you?	Td
What did he die of?	Td
What did she wear?	Td
What did you achieve with this?	Td
What did you get yourself into?	Td
What did you say they talked about?	Td
What did you talk about?	Td
What difficulty level is it?	Td
What do cats eat?	Td
What do you believe is the biggest misperception that the American people have about you as a man and a candidate?	Td
What do you do for a living?	Td
What do you eat for lunch?	Td
What do you expect from it?	Td
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?	Td
What do you have on for tomorrow?	Td
What do you intend to do?	Td
What do you like doing best?	Td
What do you mean by that?	Td
What do you mean you can't?	Td
What do you need?	Td
What do you recommend?	Td
What do you suggest?	Td
What do you think of that?	Td
What do you want from me?	Td
What do you wish for?	Td
What documents do I need?	Td
What does he want from me?	Td
What does it have to do with it?	Td
What does it indicate?	Td
What does it mean for me?	Td
What does it run on?	Td
What does it show?	Td
What does she look like?	Td
What does the insurance cover?	Td
What does the tour include?	Td
What does this have to do with it?	Td
What effect will it have on children?	Td
What else can he do?	Td
What else?	Td
What exactly do you have in mind?	Td
What exams will I need?	Td
What gave you that idea?	Td
What goes in here?	Td
What good will it do?	Td
What happened to the ponytail mojo of 1996?	Td
What has happened?	Td
What have I done to you?	Td
What have you been doing here?	Td
What have you done?	Td
What if an avatar blew the lid off, I dunno, troll abuse, using confidential sources?	Td
What impression do you get from it?	Td
What is bothering you?	Td
What is he up to?	Td
What is it about gardening in Houston that makes competent homeowners feel queasy at the thought of planting flowers around the mailbox?	Td
What is it for?	Td
What is it like?	Td
What is it supposed to mean?	Td
What is it?	Td
What is she like?	Td
What is the crossing time?	Td
What is the difference between these two?	Td
What is the maximum diving depth for a recreational diver like myself?	Td
What is the motivation for a program in interactive telecommunications?	Td
What is the name of the stop?	Td
What is the next stop?	Td
What is the point of all this juicy kissing anyhow?	Td
What is the risk of infection?	Td
What is the signification of this peaceful revolution?	Td
What is the speed limit here?	Td
What is the weather forecast for today?	Td
What is troubling you?	Td
What is wrong with the TV?	Td
What is your family relationship?	Td
What is your name?	Td
What is your wish?	Td
What kind of bullshit is this?	Td
What kind of moron management changes a perfectly nice uniform after back-to-back world championships?	Td
What kind of person do you think I am?	Td
What kind of question is this?	Td
What language would you prefer?	Td
What life is this?	Td
What made you change your mind?	Td
What makes you think so?	Td
What more can one ask for?	Td
What muscles does this exercise work?	Td
What of it?	Td
What part of the United States is your home?	Td
What planet are you on?	Td
What price fame?	Td
What resolution does the camera have?	Td
What shall we do about it?	Td
What should I do in case of problems?	Td
What should the punishment be for acts like cyberbullying and online humiliation?	Td
What should we take with us?	Td
What size is it?	Td
What stamp do I need for the Czech Republic?	Tu
What starting salary can I expect?	Td
What teams are playing tonight?	Td
What the hell was she doing in Paris anyway, and what was she doing with this bozo?	Td
What time do we land?	Td
What time do you finish work?	Td
What time do you knock off?	Td
What time do you start work?	Td
What time does it start?	Td
What time does the bus for Zagreb leave?	Td
What time does the hotel bar open?	Td
What time is breakfast served?	Td
What time is the departure?	Td
What time is your bus due?	Td
What time will he come?	Td
What took you so long?	Td
What was I saying?	Td
What was his reply to it?	Tu
What was the final score?	Td
What was the object of your little sensation?	Td
What was your reason for doing it?	Td
What will I need?	Td
What will people say?	Td
What will you achieve this way?	Td
What will you have for lunch?	Td
What word in English can be a noun, verb, adjective, adverb or preposition?	Td
What would you advise me to do?	Td
What would you like to drink?	Td
What's behind it?	Td
What's bringing you here?	Td
What's come over you?	Td
What's going on here?	Td
What's got into him?	Td
What's his deal?	Td
What's in it for me?	Td
What's my account balance?	Td
What's on TV tonight?	Td
What's on at the cinema?	Td
What's on your mind?	Td
What's so strange about it?	Td
What's that grub-thief got to do with it?	Td
What's that smell?	Td
What's the active ingredient in this medicine?	Td
What's the baggage allowance per person?	Td
What's the bet?	Td
What's the car's horsepower?	Td
What's the damage?	Td
What's the date?	Td
What's the highest mountain in the world?	Td
What's the insurance limit here?	Td
What's the magic word?	Td
What's the matter with you?	Td
What's the name of the stop where I should get off?	Td
What's the point of it?	Td
What's the problem?	Td
What's the purpose of your visit?	Td
What's the tank capacity?	Td
What's the time?	Td
What's the total?	Td
What's to eat?	Td
What's worrying you?	Td
What's wrong with it?	Td
What's your account number?	Td
What's your deal?	Td
What's your explanation?	Td
What's your favourite band?	Td
What's your job?	Td
What's your point of view?	Td
What's your problem?	Td
What's your take on that?	Td
When are they coming?	Td
When are we going to land?	Td
When can I expect to have my luggage back?	Td
When can you come for an interview?	Td
When could I start?	Td
When did the world come into existence?	Td
When did you see her last?	Td
When do I breathe in?	Td
When do we meet?	Td
When do you close?	Td
When do you start?	Td
When every last whistle-stop and handshake is thoroughly documented in print and on television, can there be anything more for a film maker to find?	Tu
When is it over?	Td
When is the lunch break?	Td
When shall we meet?	Td
When should I be there?	Td
When should I take it?	Td
When was the church built?	Tu
When was the last time that you ate a mango or papaya, a kiwi, guava or a pomegranate?	Td
When will I know the results of the tests?	Td
When will he come?	Td
When will it be ready?	Td
When will the court be free?	Td
When will you arrive?	Td
When will you be free?	Td
When will you come?	Td
When will you finish it?	Td
When would suit you?	Td
Where are our seats?	Td
Where are the papers?	Td
Where are the suntan lotions?	Td
Where are they? Where indeed?	Td
Where are we going to sleep?	Td
Where are you calling from?	Td
Where are you going on holiday?	Td
Where are you going to spend your holiday?	Td
Where are you now?	Td
Where are you?	Td
Where can I buy tickets?	Td
Where can I claim compensation for lost luggage?	Td
Where can I do some fishing around here?	Td
Where can I find some floor cloth?	Td
Where can I get the tickets?	Td
Where can I park my car?	Td
Where can I wash my hands?	Td
Where can we collect some firewood?	Td
Where can we get some workout here?	Td
Where can we park our car?	Td
Where can we rent a jet ski?	Td
Where did he disappear to?	Td
Where did he put it?	Td
Where did you come by it?	Td
Where did you get it?	Td
Where did you hide it?	Td
Where did you meet him?	Td
Where did you pick her up?	Td
Where did you put the book?	Td
Where did you spring from?	Td
Where did you two meet?	Td
Where do I find the jack?	Td
Where do I know you from?	Td
Where do we get off?	Td
Where do you get these ideas?	Td
Where do you go in the summer?	Td
Where do you work?	Td
Where does it hurt?	Td
Where does the river run?	Td
Where does this go?	Td
Where does this train go?	Td
Where else?	Td
Where exactly are you going to tow my car?	Td
Where have you been all day?	Td
Where is a sick bag?	Td
Where is it?	Td
Where is our room?	Td
Where is the draught coming from?	Td
Where is the fuse box?	Td
Where is the left luggage office?	Td
Where is the nearest accommodation facility?	Td
Where is the nearest car service?	Td
Where is the nearest hypermarket?	Td
Where is the nearest marina?	Td
Where is the nearest pay phone?	Td
Where is the nearest railroad station?	Td
Where is the rest room, please?	Td
Where is the switch?	Td
Where shall I get off?	Td
Where shall I put it?	Td
Where shall we meet?	Td
Where should I save the file?	Td
Where was I?	Td
Where were you last time?	Td
Where would you like to go?	Td
Where's the best place to fish?	Td
Where's the fitting room?	Td
Which application should I use to open the file?	Td
Which board should I go with?	Td
Which computer can I use?	Td
Which factors determine human character?	Td
Which is the shortest way to the hill over there?	Td
Which means you are not going there?	Tu
Which one do you recommend?	Td
Which one is the biggest?	Td
Which one of you is coming?	Td
Which piste do you recommend for advanced skiers?	Td
Which teller window should I use?	Td
Which way shall we take?	Td
Who am I dealing with?	Td
Who are those people?	Td
Who are you kidding?	Td
Who are you talking about?	Td
Who are you waiting for?	Td
Who authorized that?	Td
Who benefits from it?	Td
Who cares?	Td
Who composed this opera?	Td
Who could have suspected this?	Td
Who did you get it from?	Td
Who did you last call?	Td
Who do you side with?	Td
Who do you think you are?	Td
Who do you want to speak with?	Td
Who do you work for?	Td
Who does the household chores in your house?	Td
Who else?	Td
Who gave you that advice?	Td
Who had the right of way?	Td
Who has broken the window?	Td
Who has ever seen it?	Td
Who is absent?	Td
Who is getting married?	Td
Who is going to replace him?	Td
Who is in charge here?	Td
Who is on duty?	Td
Who is starring?	Td
Who is that lady?	Td
Who is this?	Td
Who is winning?	Td
Who left the light on here?	Td
Who put you onto this?	Td
Who sent you here?	Td
Who started that fire?	Td
Who taught you to drive?	Td
Who told you that?	Td
Who told you this?	Td
Who was driving?	Td
Who was she there with?	Td
Who will bear the risk?	Td
Who will get the tickets?	Td
Who will suffer the consequences of global warming?	Td
Who won?	Td
Who's been messing with my computer?	Td
Who's gonna help me?	Td
Who's in charge of it?	Td
Who's next on the list?	Td
Who's speaking?	Td
Who's taking care of the mail?	Td
Who's the director?	Td
Who's turn is it?	Td
Whose child is it?	Td
Whose fault is that?	Td
Whose is this?	Td
Why all the haste?	Td
Why are liberals so tongue-tied in exposing this contradiction?	Td
Why are they so much less sympathetic, while Jack, for all his loutishness, is somehow engaging?	Td
Why are you bothering to read it?	Td
Why are you laughing?	Td
Why did it take you two weeks to throw out that bozo who declared himself mayor of Baghdad?	Td
Why did you do it?	Td
Why did you take it away from him?	Td
Why do I care anyway?	Td
Why don't they trust us?	Td
Why don't you drop by tomorrow?	Td
Why don't you try it yourself?	Td
Why expend your precious strength holding up walls that already stand up on their own?	Td
Why is he bringing it up now?	Td
Why is it that even the most high-minded films have tended to romanticize acute alcoholism?	Td
Why is there no hot water?	Td
Why me of all people?	Td
Why not like any railroad station or ferry depot?	Td
Why on earth are they trying to make a mountain out of a molehill?	Td
Why ostracize the president for saying that he wanted more Americans to have better opportunities through higher education?	Td
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round?	Td
Why should you go there?	Td
Why would any conservative collaborate with that ploy?	Td
Why would you ever want to give someone a practice rep on anything?	Td
Why, they asked, would she be interested in something so old-fashioned and uncreative?	Td
Will companies ever get their subsidies?	Tu
Will he ever come back?	Tu
Will it do?	Tu
Will it stand the test of time?	Tu
Will the table take my weight?	Tu
Will we ever forget it?	Tu
Will you be at home for Christmas?	Tu
Will you be there to pick me up?	Tu
Will you come to meet me at the station?	Tu
Will you dance with me?	Tu
Will you dial the number for me?	Tu
Will you drive me there?	Tu
Will you find the way yourself?	Tu
Will you forgive me?	Tu
Will you give me a lift?	Tu
Will you give us an interview?	Tu
Will you hold it for me?	Tu
Will you keep me company?	Tu
Will you lead us there?	Tu
Will you make a speech?	Tu
Will you marry me?	Tu
Will you pick me up?	Tu
Will you run an errand for me?	Tu
Will you shut up?	Tu
Will you take me there?	Tu
Will you take us there?	Tu
Will you tell me when to get off?	Tu
With whom was she there?	Td
Would it be possible to shorten it?	Tu
Would three p.m. tomorrow be okay for you?	Tu
Would you be interested?	Tu
Would you be so kind as to open the window?	Tu
Would you believe this guy?	Tu
Would you buy me a snack?	Tu
Would you do me a favor?	Tu
Would you hand me the salt?	Tu
Would you like beer or something stronger?	Td
Would you like coffee or tea?	Td
Would you like some more?	Tu
Would you like to come around?	Tu
Would you like to go for a drink?	Tu
Would you like to see it?	Tu
Would you pass me the salt?	Tu
Would you still be interested?	Tu
Wouldn't it be better to stop?	Tu
Yes?	Tu
You did what?	Tu
You don't know me now?	Tu
You have walked this far?	Tu
You want a piece of me?	Tu
You won't stay here long, will you?	Tu
You work for him, right?	Tu
