Actually, why not?	Tu
Admit that its doctrinal premises were supremely naive and its policies deeply corrosive to American influence?	Tu
After all, how many people have been directly affected by the nationalization?	Td
After all, what good is a cookout burger, hot dogs or backyard barbecue fest without some good, crunchy pickles?	Td
All right?	Tu
Alpha, Bravo do you read me?	Tu
Am I concerned?	Tu
Am I disturbing you?	Tu
Am I late?	Tu
Am I right?	Tu
Am I supposed to believe it?	Tu
Am I supposed to go now?	Tu
And I thought, what if the werewolf can smell evil?	Td
And as for those glasses that make him look like a myopic bullfrog?	Tu
And does the America we want succumb to resentment and division?	Tu
And having done so, why denature them by selections that render the misleading impression that they are far more accessible than they in fact are?	Td
And his mother tolerates it?	Tu
And how about tomorrow?	Td
And how can I benefit from it?	Td
And how is any company, armed even with sophisticated quick-change stage machinery, to put it convincingly onstage?	Td
And how will the director and cinematographer, two willful personalities, resolve their differences?	Td
And if so, are you pigheaded, delusional, or just plain nuts?	Td
And now what?	Td
And then what?	Td
And what about him?	Tu
And what about that suitcase over there?	Td
And what about the others?	Td
And what about the rest of it?	Td
And what about you?	Tu
And what about, let's say, the Japanese?	Td
And what exactly?	Td
And what happened then?	Td
And what if not?	Td
And what if something happened to her?	Td
And what use is it?	Td
And what's the point of that?	Td
And why did he want to write so diversely, anyhow?	Td
And, by the way, why should the afterlife be everlasting?	Td
And?	Tu
Any advance on that?	Tu
Any bite?	Tu
Any ideas?	Tu
Any luck?	Tu
Any news?	Tu
Any thoughts?	Tu
Anything else?	Tu
Anything to drink?	Tu
Are drinks included?	Tu
Are shelters benevolent oases of hope, or dangerous filthy pits of bureaucratic cruelty?	Td
Are there also ski runs for beginners here?	Tu
Are there any bikeways around here?	Tu
Are there any free chairs?	Tu
Are there any interesting underwater cliffs?	Tu
Are there any parts of town unwelcome to such cooperative, large-scale beautification projects?	Tu
Are there any strenuous climbs?	Tu
Are there any suggestions?	Tu
Are there any vacancies for today?	Tu
Are there any volunteers?	Tu
Are there many steep climbs?	Tu
Are there public toilets near here?	Tu
Are there toilets anywhere?	Tu
Are these seats free?	Tu
Are these waters safe for diving?	Tu
Are these waters safe for surfing?	Tu
Are they a good match?	Tu
Are they biting?	Tu
Are they going to stay for a long time?	Tu
Are they having an affair?	Tu
Are they wheelchair accessible?	Tu
Are visitors allowed here?	Tu
Are we all that sinless or are we just clueless?	Td
Are we allowed to leave the trail?	Tu
Are we complete?	Tu
Are we going to backtrack?	Tu
Are we going to go boat diving?	Tu
Are we ready to outwit, outplay and outlast, or do we have enough reality to deal with?	Td
Are we really as dumb out here in the boondocks as these people think we are?	Tu
Are we supposed to soothe, educate, moralize, or stupefy?	Td
Are you afraid of heights?	Tu
Are you all right?	Tu
Are you angry with me?	Tu
Are you any relation?	Tu
Are you asleep?	Tu
Are you awake?	Tu
Are you being served?	Tu
Are you blind or something?	Tu
Are you cold?	Tu
Are you coming with us?	Tu
Are you computer literate?	Tu
Are you crazy?	Tu
Are you dating anyone?	Tu
Are you enjoying yourself?	Tu
Are you finished?	Tu
Are you for real?	Tu
Are you free now?	Tu
Are you free tomorrow?	Tu
Are you free tonight?	Tu
Are you free?	Tu
Are you from another planet?	Tu
Are you fucking crazy?	Tu
Are you getting off with her?	Tu
Are you going somewhere?	Tu
Are you having fun?	Tu
Are you healthy?	Tu
Are you here alone?	Tu
Are you here for the first time?	Tu
Are you here on business or for pleasure?	Td
Are you here on vacation or on business?	Td
Are you hitting on me?	Tu
Are you in pain?	Tu
Are you interested in it?	Tu
Are you invited?	Tu
Are you kidding me?	Tu
Are you kidding?	Tu
Are you leaving us already?	Tu
Are you listening to me?	Tu
Are you looking forward to it?	Tu
Are you married?	Tu
Are you not hot?	Tu
Are you not our nearest kindred among all the nations of the earth?	Tu
Are you nuts?	Tu
Are you organizing an upcoming car show, vintage rally, car club meeting, classic car display or other automotive event?	Tu
Are you out of your mind?	Tu
Are you planning to start a family?	Tu
Are you pulling my leg?	Tu
Are you ready?	Tu
Are you really going to admit that you're a stick-in-the-mud who is more or less content with things the way they are?	Tu
Are you rested?	Tu
Are you seeing anyone?	Tu
Are you seeing somebody now?	Tu
Are you seeing someone?	Tu
Are you serious?	Tu
Are you shitting me?	Tu
Are you sitting comfortably?	Tu
Are you sleeping?	Tu
Are you still looking for a job?	Tu
Are you sure?	Tu
Are you taking any medication?	Tu
Are you taking sleeping pills?	Tu
Are you talking to me?	Tu
Are you thirsty or hungry?	Tu
Are you trying to get my goat?	Tu
Are you trying to pick me up?	Tu
Are you trying to push my buttons?	Tu
Are you up?	Tu
Are you waiting for me?	Tu
Are you warmer now?	Tu
Are your folks coming?	Tu
Are your parents still alive?	Tu
Aren't you biased against him?	Tu
Aren't you cold?	Tu
As a substitute, is agar-agar any better than cornstarch?	Tu
As late as that?	Tu
At what time can you serve breakfast?	Td
At what time?	Td
BARCELONA, Spain, How seriously does the world take the World Cup?	Td
But can the birthplace of jazz truly be wiped from the face of the Earth?	Tu
But even though the concurrence of England, and Austria, and Germany, could be obtained, what would it signify, if Russia still remained recusant?	Td
But for crying out loud, who would want to own camouflage shower curtains, toothbrush holder, soap dish, lotion dispenser, bath rug and waste basket?	Td
But how about Sno-Cat skiing, a weekend clinic, or an overnight excursion?	Td
But how are you going to do it?	Td
But how can this utterly disproportionate, seemingly indiscriminate carnage be anything but counterproductive?	Td
But how many times can you alarm the bourgeoisie?	Td
But if you could invent a robot that serves cocktails, could you not invent a robot that would make a superior bedmate?	Tu
But more importantly, what the hell business is it of yours what I do for recreation?	Td
But should I really be dreaming of the day when a bunch of rich, ancient men deign to save us from ourselves?	Tu
But what about the inevitable hours between strikes from freakishly heavy fish that represent less than 1 percent of the population?	Td
But what can you do?	Td
But what happens when that neutral center meets the still segregated increasingly segregated neighborhoods?	Td
But when Bush states our aggressive intentions so glibly, why are Americans so acquiescent?	Td
But who is Miss Right?	Td
But who knew a flashlight, utility knife, screwdriver, reflective vest, digital tire gauge and safety flasher could fit in a bottle?	Td
But who was Eileen's double?	Td
But you did buy it, didn't you?	Tu
But you did buy it, right?	Tu
By what right do we berate others for their abuses of human rights when we so blatantly abuse them ourselves?	Td
By what right?	Tu
By what time must we vacate the room?	Td
By what time should we vacate our room?	Td
By when should it be done?	Td
By when should we return the skis?	Td
Can I ask you a favour?	Tu
Can I be of any help?	Tu
Can I board the plane now?	Tu
Can I borrow it?	Tu
Can I borrow this line marker?	Tu
Can I borrow your bike pump?	Tu
Can I borrow your car?	Tu
Can I borrow your pen?	Tu
Can I borrow your telephone directory?	Tu
Can I buy a cycling map around here?	Tu
Can I buy a sports drink here?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on board?	Tu
Can I buy the ticket on the train?	Tu
Can I buy you a drink?	Tu
Can I buy you a lunch?	Tu
Can I come with you?	Tu
Can I create a shortcut on the desktop?	Tu
Can I cross it out?	Tu
Can I do some running on the treadmill?	Tu
Can I do some water skiing around here?	Tu
Can I get my racket stringed here?	Tu
Can I get off during the cruise?	Tu
Can I get out of the car?	Tu
Can I get some painkillers?	Tu
Can I get there by car?	Tu
Can I go ahead and wait on the top?	Tu
Can I go now?	Tu
Can I have a bag for it?	Tu
Can I have a look at that perfume?	Tu
Can I have a look?	Tu
Can I have a window seat, please?	Tu
Can I have a word with you?	Tu
Can I have another coffee?	Tu
Can I have another form?	Tu
Can I have another one?	Tu
Can I have it back?	Tu
Can I have it in smaller notes?	Tu
Can I have it without ice?	Tu
Can I have one?	Tu
Can I have seconds?	Tu
Can I have some water?	Tu
Can I have something against airsickness?	Tu
Can I have the check please?	Td
Can I have the receipt please?	Tu
Can I have your phone number?	Tu
Can I help you?	Tu
Can I hitchhike here?	Tu
Can I join you?	Tu
Can I keep my catch?	Tu
Can I kiss you?	Tu
Can I leave a message for him?	Tu
Can I leave my car here?	Tu
Can I leave my luggage here?	Tu
Can I leave my toiletries here?	Tu
Can I leave the car at another branch?	Tu
Can I leave you for a moment?	Tu
Can I let my dog run loose here?	Tu
Can I offer you some refreshment?	Tu
Can I park around here?	Tu
Can I pay by card?	Tu
Can I pay cash?	Tu
Can I purchase a fishing license here?	Tu
Can I rent a bike here?	Tu
Can I rent an air mattress?	Tu
Can I rent another car around here?	Tu
Can I see your driver's license?	Tu
Can I see your passport?	Tu
Can I smoke here?	Tu
Can I stand you a lunch?	Tu
Can I store my bike in the basement?	Tu
Can I suggest something?	Tu
Can I take a look at it?	Tu
Can I take a message for him?	Tu
Can I take a rain check on that?	Tu
Can I take a shower?	Tu
Can I take more at once?	Tu
Can I take my jacket off?	Tu
Can I take my one year old child to the wading pool?	Tu
Can I take off my coat?	Tu
Can I take pictures here?	Tu
Can I take this on board?	Tu
Can I talk to you for a minute?	Tu
Can I talk to you for a second?	Tu
Can I talk to you?	Tu
Can I talk to your superior?	Tu
Can I try it on?	Tu
Can I try on these trousers?	Tu
Can I try the flash?	Tu
Can I turn on the TV?	Tu
Can I turn the heating down?	Tu
Can I use my flash disk to download something?	Tu
Can I use the ticket for the next flight?	Tu
Can I use this towel?	Tu
Can I use your hotel gym?	Tu
Can I use your phone?	Tu
Can I wind down the window?	Tu
Can a feisty robotic rover exploring Mars do the same for another generation?	Tu
Can an old no-no word define a media genre?	Tu
Can anybody create a user account for me?	Tu
Can computers become as destructively addictive to susceptible executives as alcohol, drugs, cigarettes, sex or work itself?	Tu
Can he be relied on?	Tu
Can he be trusted?	Tu
Can he read?	Tu
Can it be bought on the Internet?	Tu
Can music promote nonviolence, prevent bloodshed and successfully overthrow an oppressive regime?	Tu
Can one swim in the lake?	Tu
Can this choppy assemblage of familiar complaints be a parody of television earnestness?	Tu
Can we buy some food around here?	Tu
Can we camp here?	Tu
Can we count you in?	Tu
Can we do our laundry here?	Tu
Can we do some shopping near here?	Tu
Can we get clean towels please?	Tu
Can we get there by car?	Tu
Can we go shelling around here?	Tu
Can we have a high chair?	Tu
Can we have a short rest?	Tu
Can we have a test drive to see if it's okay?	Tu
Can we have one more knife and fork?	Tu
Can we join you?	Tu
Can we make fire here?	Tu
Can we meet tomorrow at 5 p.m.?	Tu
Can we pitch a tent here?	Tu
Can we postpone it?	Tu
Can we put our food in the fridge?	Tu
Can we rent a fridge here?	Tu
Can we rent a snowmobile here?	Tu
Can we sit here?	Tu
Can we sit with you?	Tu
Can we stay here overnight?	Tu
Can we still enter?	Tu
Can we stop for a minute?	Tu
Can we take a look inside?	Tu
Can we take lessons with an instructor?	Tu
Can we take that chair?	Tu
Can we use the back door?	Tu
Can we use the kitchen?	Tu
Can we visit the city museum?	Tu
Can you actually imagine that?	Tu
Can you adjust my brakes?	Tu
Can you arrange for us to get it?	Tu
Can you arrange tickets for us?	Tu
Can you be more specific?	Tu
Can you believe every girl used to swoon over a guy wearing a graffiti getup?	Tu
Can you call him to the phone?	Tu
Can you call somebody to tow me away?	Tu
Can you carry it?	Tu
Can you change Czech crowns?	Tu
Can you change a twenty euro note?	Tu
Can you change it for me?	Tu
Can you change some money for me?	Tu
Can you check the bill, please?	Tu
Can you come some other time?	Tu
Can you comment on that?	Tu
Can you comment on the efficacy and safety of nasal capsaicin for rhinitis, sinusitis or sinus headache?	Tu
Can you correct me if I make a mistake?	Tu
Can you describe it in more detail?	Tu
Can you dial this number for me?	Tu
Can you do a handstand?	Tu
Can you do it?	Tu
Can you do thirty pushups?	Tu
Can you do without this textbook?	Tu
Can you drive?	Tu
Can you exchange it for me?	Tu
Can you explain it to me?	Tu
Can you find out for me?	Tu
Can you fix it?	Tu
Can you fix my flat tire?	Tu
Can you forgive me?	Tu
Can you get it going?	Tu
Can you get us tickets for tomorrow night?	Tu
Can you give me a detailed bill?	Tu
Can you give me a lift to the station?	Tu
Can you give me a ride?	Tu
Can you give me change for the phone?	Tu
Can you give me some advice on preliminary business precautions for overseas negotiations?	Tu
Can you give me your phone number?	Tu
Can you give us the key?	Tu
Can you handle it?	Tu
Can you hear me?	Tu
Can you help me open the door?	Tu
Can you help me out of the water?	Tu
Can you help me put the wet suit on?	Tu
Can you help me recline my seat?	Tu
Can you help me to push the car aside?	Tu
Can you help me to push-start the car?	Tu
Can you help me up with the suitcase?	Tu
Can you help me, please?	Tu
Can you help me?	Tu
Can you hold your tongue?	Tu
Can you imagine that?	Tu
Can you imagine what it would be like?	Tu
Can you introduce us?	Tu
Can you keep a secret?	Tu
Can you keep an eye on my bag?	Tu
Can you lend me a few dollars?	Tu
Can you lend me a pen?	Tu
Can you make sense of this regulation?	Tu
Can you make yourself understood in English?	Tu
Can you move a bit?	Tu
Can you move your arm?	Tu
Can you open the trunk?	Tu
Can you open your luggage please?	Tu
Can you pay it for me?	Tu
Can you pick me up here in an hour?	Tu
Can you play the piano?	Tu
Can you please contact the Czech embassy and tell them what happened?	Tu
Can you please forward my e-mail to him?	Tu
Can you please inform my relatives?	Tu
Can you please repeat that?	Tu
Can you please resend it?	Tu
Can you print it out for me?	Tu
Can you put him on?	Tu
Can you put in a word for me?	Tu
Can you put me through?	Tu
Can you put me up for two nights?	Tu
Can you put us up for just one night?	Tu
Can you reach it down from the shelf?	Tu
Can you read the map?	Tu
Can you recharge my battery?	Tu
Can you recommend a career counselor or headhunter?	Tu
Can you repeat it?	Tu
Can you replace it?	Tu
Can you reset a circuit breaker?	Tu
Can you ride a horse?	Tu
Can you run the program?	Tu
Can you see him yet?	Tu
Can you see it too?	Tu
Can you send it to me by e-mail?	Tu
Can you show it to me on the map?	Tu
Can you show me how it works?	Tu
Can you show me on the map where we are?	Tu
Can you show me some leg exercises?	Tu
Can you show me there?	Tu
Can you show me where my seat is?	Tu
Can you show me your seat reservation?	Tu
Can you show us to our cabin?	Tu
Can you show us to our room?	Tu
Can you shuffle cards?	Tu
Can you smell it?	Tu
Can you spare a moment for us?	Tu
Can you speak English?	Tu
Can you speak loudly and clearly?	Tu
Can you speak up please?	Tu
Can you speak up?	Tu
Can you specify it?	Tu
Can you spread the word?	Tu
Can you stop?	Tu
Can you take a picture of me with the fish?	Tu
Can you take me to a gas station?	Tu
Can you take me to the police station?	Tu
Can you take my handcuffs off?	Tu
Can you teach me the basics of surfing?	Tu
Can you tell me how many days tuna stays edible once the can is open?	Tu
Can you tell me more about Yap and about a good time to go, how to get there and snorkeling opportunities?	Tu
Can you tell me the best way to clean a large comforter and sleeping bag?	Tu
Can you tell me when we get there?	Tu
Can you tell me your name?	Tu
Can you tell the difference between actions that favorably affect your destiny and those that purely gratify your ego?	Tu
Can you think of a way how to do it?	Tu
Can you tie your tie?	Tu
Can you touch-type?	Tu
Can you typewrite?	Tu
Can you wait a minute?	Tu
Can you wait here for a moment?	Tu
Can you wake me up at seven, please?	Tu
Can you wake us up at about seven?	Tu
Can you watch my bag?	Tu
Can you wrap it up for me?	Tu
Can you write it down for me?	Tu
Can't tell a resistor from a transistor and want to build a burglar alarm or a musical organ?	Tu
Can't you give me a jab or something?	Tu
Can't you take a joke?	Tu
Can't you tell A from B?	Tu
Can't you understand me?	Tu
Certainly B movies plagiarize freely, but since when did Hollywood not cannibalize its own?	Td
Clever, huh?	Tu
Come again?	Tu
Could I borrow your lifting belt?	Tu
Could I disturb you for a minute?	Tu
Could I have a blanket?	Tu
Could I keep it?	Tu
Could I play with you?	Tu
Could I rent a boat for a day?	Tu
Could I rent a trailer as well?	Tu
Could I take unpaid leave?	Tu
Could a player violently assault a male administrator and win reinstatement?	Tu
Could it be arranged?	Tu
Could it be her who told him?	Tu
Could it be that they don't know about it?	Tu
Could random, purposeless evolution really have transformed biotic ooze into Beethoven?	Tu
Could somebody show me what exactly I should do?	Tu
Could the incident have anything to do with Jeanne and Pierre?	Tu
Could this much really be riding on one tortuously complicated piece of legislation?	Tu
Could we do a sightseeing tour?	Tu
Could we have fresh bed linen?	Tu
Could we meet?	Tu
Could we move it to Monday?	Tu
Could we play tennis around here?	Tu
Could we see the house?	Tu
Could we sit on the terrace?	Tu
Could we stay here a little while and take a look around?	Tu
Could we swap seats?	Tu
Could we try to climb that hill?	Tu
Could you adjust it for me?	Tu
Could you arrange it?	Tu
Could you belay me?	Tu
Could you delay him for a moment?	Tu
Could you explain it to me?	Tu
Could you explain yourself a bit more clearly?	Tu
Could you give me a lift?	Tu
Could you give me some background on this vine, including care, hardiness and propagation?	Tu
Could you help me upstairs with my baggage?	Tu
Could you help me, please?	Tu
Could you lend me some wax?	Tu
Could you please find out where it is?	Tu
Could you please put your seat back up?	Tu
Could you release me on bail?	Tu
Could you rub my back with sunscreen?	Tu
Could you show it to me?	Tu
Could you show me the way?	Tu
Could you take a picture of us?	Tu
Could you take me to the nearest gas station?	Tu
Could you take us to some good bar?	Tu
Could you turn it down a bit?	Tu
Could you weigh it for me?	Tu
Did I possess too much vitality?	Tu
Did I speak out of turn?	Tu
Did I wake you up?	Tu
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill?	Tu
Did he answer your question?	Tu
Did he argue too?	Tu
Did he confirm it in writing?	Tu
Did he have intercourse with her?	Tu
Did he have to tell him right now?	Tu
Did he hurt you?	Tu
Did he marry her?	Tu
Did she get into university?	Tu
Did she say anything at all?	Tu
Did she sleep with him?	Tu
Did you arrive safely?	Tu
Did you ask him about it?	Tu
Did you ask him about the job?	Tu
Did you buy the tickets?	Tu
Did you check on everything?	Tu
Did you discover anything?	Tu
Did you enjoy the party?	Tu
Did you enjoy your meal?	Tu
Did you find it okay?	Tu
Did you get it?	Tu
Did you get laid?	Tu
Did you get that joke?	Tu
Did you have a good journey?	Tu
Did you like the movie?	Tu
Did you look everywhere?	Tu
Did you make it?	Tu
Did you make sense of it?	Tu
Did you need anything?	Tu
Did you pass the exam?	Tu
Did you pass the exams?	Tu
Did you receive our letter?	Tu
Did you report it?	Tu
Did you score a home run?	Tu
Did you see the last episode?	Tu
Did you see the match yesterday?	Tu
Did you send?	Tu
Did you sleep well?	Tu
Did you succeed?	Tu
Did you take a look at the article?	Tu
Did you take your temperature?	Tu
Did you tell him about it?	Tu
Did you try the sweater on?	Tu
Did you understand me?	Tu
Did you understand?	Tu
Didn't I tell you?	Tu
Didn't you know it?	Tu
Do I have to fill in all the blanks?	Tu
Do I have to fill out a customs declaration?	Tu
Do I have to pay for a trailer as well?	Tu
Do I have to pay tax on that?	Tu
Do I have to wear a cycling helmet?	Tu
Do I have to wear a polo shirt?	Tu
Do I know you?	Tu
Do I look good in it?	Tu
Do I make myself clear?	Tu
Do I need a permit to fish?	Tu
Do I need a permit?	Tu
Do I need a prescription?	Tu
Do I need a work permit?	Tu
Do I pay for the prescription?	Tu
Do I pay now or on departure?	Td
Do I pay per person or for a tent?	Td
Do I really have to come?	Tu
Do the books succeed because they combat feelings of powerlessness or because they encourage unabashed egocentricity?	Td
Do they bite?	Tu
Do they go together?	Tu
Do they have rooms to rent?	Tu
Do they pay well?	Tu
Do we have any choice?	Tu
Do we have to clean the room before leaving?	Tu
Do we have to wear ski helmets too?	Tu
Do we pay now or on departure?	Td
Do you accept these checks?	Tu
Do you agree?	Tu
Do you also have a garage?	Tu
Do you also have baby skis?	Tu
Do you always do it like this?	Tu
Do you believe in God?	Tu
Do you believe me?	Tu
Do you call this a good dinner?	Tu
Do you carry oversizes?	Tu
Do you cash travellers' checks?	Tu
Do you charge a cancellation fee?	Tu
Do you charge a fee?	Tu
Do you charge reservation fees?	Tu
Do you come from far away?	Tu
Do you come here often?	Tu
Do you consider it necessary?	Tu
Do you do any sports?	Tu
Do you drink beer?	Tu
Do you drink tap water?	Td
Do you drive to work?	Tu
Do you even remember what it was like to be unencumbered by appointments?	Tu
Do you ever have dreams?	Tu
Do you fancy coming too?	Tu
Do you get it?	Tu
Do you get on well with him?	Tu
Do you happen to have a couple of extra blankets?	Tu
Do you happen to have a gas can?	Tu
Do you happen to have jumper cables?	Tu
Do you have Internet access here?	Tu
Do you have a big family?	Tu
Do you have a cheaper one?	Tu
Do you have a cheaper room?	Tu
Do you have a condom?	Tu
Do you have a counter-current pool here?	Tu
Do you have a different one?	Tu
Do you have a family?	Tu
Do you have a free table?	Tu
Do you have a girlfriend?	Tu
Do you have a place to sleep?	Tu
Do you have a place to stay in?	Tu
Do you have a residence permit?	Tu
Do you have a vacant room?	Tu
Do you have a watch?	Tu
Do you have a working visa?	Tu
Do you have access to the Internet?	Tu
Do you have an appointment?	Tu
Do you have another e-mail address?	Tu
Do you have any children?	Tu
Do you have any dental floss?	Tu
Do you have any discounts?	Tu
Do you have any fitness machines here?	Tu
Do you have any health problems?	Tu
Do you have any ideas?	Tu
Do you have any pain?	Tu
Do you have any relatives abroad?	Tu
Do you have any siblings?	Tu
Do you have any small change on you?	Tu
Do you have any specialties?	Tu
Do you have any suggestions for helping my yard become a place that stray cats will view as unfriendly and uninviting?	Tu
Do you have any suggestions for helping my yard to become a place that stray cats will view as highly unfriendly and uninviting?	Tu
Do you have any vacancies?	Tu
Do you have anything similar?	Tu
Do you have anything to add?	Tu
Do you have anything to declare?	Tu
Do you have draft beer?	Tu
Do you have enough money to buy it?	Tu
Do you have enough money?	Tu
Do you have it?	Tu
Do you have other than this one?	Tu
Do you have outside seating?	Tu
Do you have problems with hooligans?	Tu
Do you have something for seasickness?	Tu
Do you have something to eat?	Tu
Do you have something to say?	Tu
Do you have these spare parts?	Tu
Do you have tickets?	Tu
Do you have your papers in order?	Tu
Do you insist?	Tu
Do you keep that in mind?	Tu
Do you know a man by the name of Mouratidis?	Tu
Do you know any good land around here?	Tu
Do you know anything about engines?	Tu
Do you know each other?	Tu
Do you know how to deal with it?	Tu
Do you know how to do it?	Tu
Do you know how to go about it?	Tu
Do you know it for sure?	Tu
Do you know it or is it a guess?	Td
Do you know modern art?	Tu
Do you know my wife?	Tu
Do you know of any tours with a small group under the guidance of an archeologist?	Tu
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn?	Tu
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you?	Td
Do you know this place?	Tu
Do you know who you are talking to?	Tu
Do you know your way around Prague?	Tu
Do you like classical music?	Tu
Do you like the beer?	Tu
Do you live far from here?	Tu
Do you live in an apartment building or in a house?	Td
Do you mind if I open the window?	Tu
Do you mind if I sit here?	Tu
Do you mind if I smoke here?	Tu
Do you need a pick-up from the airport?	Tu
Do you need a ride?	Tu
Do you need anything else?	Tu
Do you offer a money back guarantee?	Tu
Do you offer any boat trips to the close islands?	Tu
Do you offer bike tours?	Tu
Do you offer group discounts?	Tu
Do you organize trips?	Tu
Do you paint your nails?	Tu
Do you play any instruments?	Tu
Do you play guitar?	Tu
Do you pluck your eyebrows?	Tu
Do you rate him among your friends?	Tu
Do you recognize me?	Tu
Do you release fish back into the water?	Tu
Do you remember me?	Tu
Do you rent beach umbrellas too?	Tu
Do you rent boats?	Tu
Do you rent diving equipment?	Tu
Do you rent golf equipment?	Tu
Do you rent surfboards?	Tu
Do you repair digital cameras?	Tu
Do you require a deposit?	Tu
Do you require any qualifications?	Tu
Do you sell data media?	Tu
Do you sell stamps?	Tu
Do you speak English?	Tu
Do you speak any foreign languages?	Tu
Do you still care for me?	Tu
Do you still have the warranty card?	Tu
Do you still love him?	Tu
Do you stock oversizes?	Tu
Do you take sugar?	Tu
Do you think I'm doing it just for the fun of it?	Tu
Do you think all people who drink alcohol are neglectful parents or alcoholic?	Tu
Do you think it is allowed?	Tu
Do you think so?	Tu
Do you understand English?	Tu
Do you understand me?	Tu
Do you understand?	Tu
Do you use cold-pressed virgin olive oil or walnut oil?	Td
Do you use energy saving bulbs?	Tu
Do you value your hide?	Tu
Do you wanna dance?	Tu
Do you want me to call him?	Tu
Do you want me to do it?	Tu
Do you want me to light the fireplace?	Tu
Do you want the smaller or the bigger one?	Td
Do you want to add something more?	Tu
Do you want to change the status or remain a commonwealth; and do you prefer statehood, independence or sovereign for your sociation?	Td
Do you want to come for dinner?	Tu
Do you want to go for a beer?	Tu
Do you want to lead the route?	Tu
Do you want to ride a water slide?	Tu
Do you want to swap seats?	Tu
Do you want to watch TV?	Tu
Do you wear glasses?	Tu
Do you work out on a regular basis?	Tu
Do you work shifts?	Tu
Do you work with a computer?	Tu
Does any of you know it?	Tu
Does anyone care about it?	Tu
Does he take drugs?	Tu
Does it come with batteries?	Tu
Does it concern me?	Tu
Does it have an optical zoom?	Tu
Does it have any side effects?	Tu
Does it hurt?	Tu
Does it matter?	Tu
Does it mean anything to you?	Tu
Does it really work?	Tu
Does it ring any bells?	Tu
Does it sound familiar?	Tu
Does it tally?	Tu
Does she have a steady?	Tu
Does that ring any bell?	Tu
Does that suit you?	Tu
Does the car have air-conditioning?	Tu
Does the dog bite?	Tu
Does the old boy often go off at half-cock that way?	Tu
Does this hotel have its own beach?	Tu
Does your offer still hold?	Tu
Don't we encourage racial, ethnic and religious segregation with all of this hyphenation?	Tu
Don't you know?	Tu
Don't you regret giving so much money away?	Tu
Don't you see I hate you?	Tu
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two?	Tu
Don't you understand a joke?	Tu
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse?	Tu
Even he argued?	Tu
Excuse me, can I open the window?	Tu
Excuse me?	Tu
Fancy a beer?	Tu
Feel like going to the hockey game?	Tu
Feel like playing pool?	Tu
For how many shots will the batteries last?	Td
For how much?	Td
For instance, how did he graduate high school without reading this slender introduction to existentialism?	Td
For what reason?	Td
For when shall I get the tickets?	Td
Four division winners and the runner-ups in each division?	Tu
Friends?	Tu
From what age?	Td
From what time?	Td
Gorbachev ask to visit the Hoover Institution of War, Peace and Revolution, only to jilt the conservative research institute?	Tu
Got a problem with that?	Tu
Halt! Who goes there?	Td
Has he got a steady girlfriend?	Tu
Has politics ever seemed more ignoble than in these clumsy, self-serving attempts to justify a deviation from orthodoxy?	Tu
Has she slept with him?	Tu
Has the cat got your tongue?	Tu
Has the trout season begun yet?	Tu
Have I ever lied to you?	Tu
Have I left anything out?	Tu
Have I missed anything?	Tu
Have they come yet?	Tu
Have we left anybody out?	Tu
Have we left anyone out?	Tu
Have we met before?	Tu
Have you already ordered?	Tu
Have you any further questions?	Tu
Have you been drinking?	Tu
Have you been here before?	Tu
Have you brushed your teeth?	Tu
Have you caught anything?	Tu
Have you chosen?	Tu
Have you closed the window?	Tu
Have you decided yet?	Tu
Have you done the shopping yet?	Tu
Have you done your homework yet?	Tu
Have you dusted your room?	Tu
Have you ever been inside?	Tu
Have you ever been on a plane?	Tu
Have you ever been robbed?	Tu
Have you ever been there?	Tu
Have you ever been to the Statue of Liberty?	Tu
Have you ever been to the theatre?	Tu
Have you ever earned dollar by your own labour?	Td
Have you ever hit a hole in one?	Tu
Have you ever made love to a girl?	Tu
Have you ever played darts?	Tu
Have you ever seen anything like it?	Tu
Have you ever thought of settling down?	Tu
Have you ever tried it?	Tu
Have you explained it to him?	Tu
Have you finished it yet?	Tu
Have you finished school yet?	Tu
Have you finished?	Tu
Have you gone nuts?	Tu
Have you got a light?	Tu
Have you got a moment?	Tu
Have you got any cheese?	Tu
Have you got any suggestions?	Tu
Have you got it?	Tu
Have you got nothing to do?	Tu
Have you had enough?	Tu
Have you heard of them?	Tu
Have you kissed yet?	Tu
Have you locked the door?	Tu
Have you lost your mind?	Tu
Have you made the bed?	Tu
Have you put on sunscreen?	Tu
Have you read it?	Tu
Have you read the novel?	Tu
Have you seen it yet?	Tu
Have you seen that brokerage advertisement where the savvy professional woman gets treated like a ditz by some CEO?	Tu
Have you seen the film?	Tu
Have you seen the girls?	Tu
Have you slept well?	Tu
Have you spoken about it?	Tu
Have you tried it yet?	Tu
Have you washed the car?	Tu
Haven't you finished yet?	Tu
Haven't you heard about it?	Tu
He gave it to me. Really?	Tu
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what?	Tu
Heads or tails?	Td
Heck, society also needs balance; why focus obsessively on some unworthy job that offers little fulfillment or social benefit?	Td
How about a little Bach in your brassiere?	Td
How about a piece of cake?	Td
How about a shot of vodka?	Td
How about a swim?	Tu
How about an animatronic panda, a tiger selling vodka and a vanity poster promoting Saddam Hussein?	Td
How about going to the beach?	Tu
How about going to the theatre?	Tu
How about leading a canoe or kayak trip to an uninhabited island?	Td
How about some beer?	Td
How about taking him out somewhere?	Td
How am I supposed to take it?	Td
How am I supposed to understand it?	Td
How are they doing?	Td
How are things going?	Td
How are things looking?	Td
How are things?	Td
How are we doing?	Td
How are you coping with it?	Td
How are you doing financially?	Td
How are you doing?	Td
How are you feeling?	Td
How best to broadcast your financial values and seek significant others who share your approach without coming off as a tightwad or a gold digger?	Td
How big is it?	Td
How big is your flat?	Td
How can I handle a crazy in-law in this situation?	Td
How can I help you?	Td
How can I lessen my load without cracking her fragile personality?	Td
How can I repay you?	Td
How can I select the text?	Td
How can the poor uncoordinated soul turn the accident into an opportunity?	Td
How can they find pleasure in it?	Td
How can we get in touch with him?	Td
How can we get to the ski lift?	Td
How can you ask?	Td
How can you find pleasure in this?	Td
How can you manage all alone, Mr Young?	Td
How can you say such a thing?	Td
How can you tell if a painkilling narcotic, like morphine, methadone or oxycodone, will work for you?	Td
How come he is not here?	Td
How come?	Tu
How could I answer the question on the spur of the moment?	Td
How could I do it to her?	Td
How could I have been so stupid?	Td
How could I have known?	Td
How could a figure so calculated and artificial, so clinical and strangely antiseptic, so stripped of genuine eroticism have become the icon of her generation?	Td
How could he explain his possession of the sketch?	Td
How could we trust you then?	Td
How dare some old wino turn a house of God into a flophouse?	Td
How deep can I dive?	Td
How deep is this pool?	Td
How did it go?	Td
How did it happen?	Td
How did it really happen?	Td
How did she do?	Td
How did she fare?	Td
How did you do?	Td
How did you fare?	Td
How did you find out?	Td
How did you get here?	Td
How did you get the scar?	Td
How did you like it?	Td
How did you like the movie?	Td
How do I do it up?	Td
How do I engage reverse gear?	Td
How do I engage the cruise control?	Td
How do I fasten it?	Td
How do I get there?	Td
How do I get to my mailbox?	Td
How do I get to the airport?	Td
How do I get to the nearest bus stop to downtown?	Td
How do I look?	Td
How do I switch to macro mode?	Td
How do I type an apostrophe here?	Td
How do I use that?	Td
How do we fairly allocate compensation for past collective sins against a bygone generation?	Td
How do we get across the river?	Td
How do we get to the Czech embassy?	Td
How do we get to the arena?	Td
How do we get to the ferry port?	Td
How do we get to the public beach?	Td
How do we get to the stadium?	Td
How do we work it out?	Td
How do you do?	Td
How do you explain it?	Td
How do you feel about global outsourcing and offshoring?	Td
How do you feel?	Td
How do you get along with him?	Td
How do you keep bath towels from developing white, colorless spots in the washing machine?	Td
How do you know?	Td
How do you pronounce this word?	Td
How do you put up with it?	Td
How do you say it in English?	Td
How do you solve a problem like electronica?	Td
How do you view it?	Td
How does a carmaker unlock the door to reaching distracted, elusive customers in an increasingly competitive category?	Td
How does he cope with it?	Td
How does it concern them?	Td
How does it fasten?	Td
How does it feel?	Td
How does it fit?	Td
How does it go on?	Td
How does it look?	Td
How does it work?	Td
How does your wager look now?	Td
How else can I find it out?	Td
How far along are you?	Td
How far along is she?	Td
How far from here is it?	Td
How far is it to Cairo?	Td
How far?	Tu
How fast are we going?	Td
How fast can you fix it?	Td
How fast does it go?	Td
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark?	Td
How is he coping?	Td
How is his health?	Td
How is it done?	Td
How is it going?	Td
How is it played?	Td
How is it progressing?	Td
How is it spelled?	Td
How is that?	Td
How long are the stops?	Td
How long are we going to stay underwater?	Td
How long are you going to keep me here?	Td
How long are you going to stay?	Td
How long before departure should I be at the airport?	Td
How long before the departure time should we check in?	Td
How long can you hold your breath?	Td
How long do I have to stay in hospital?	Td
How long does it take on foot?	Td
How long does it take to get there on foot?	Td
How long does it take to get to the airport by taxi?	Td
How long does it take to get to the town?	Td
How long does the film last?	Td
How long does the flight take?	Td
How long does the hike take?	Td
How long does the journey take?	Td
How long does the ride take?	Td
How long does the sightseeing tour take?	Td
How long does the tour take?	Td
How long does the train stop here?	Td
How long has it been since you saw a hitchhiker?	Td
How long have they been together?	Td
How long have you been cheating on her?	Td
How long have you been here?	Td
How long have you been living here?	Td
How long have you been married?	Td
How long have you been waiting here?	Td
How long have you been working there?	Td
How long have you known each other?	Td
How long in advance can I cancel the reservation without charge?	Td
How long is it?	Td
How long is the course?	Td
How long is the warranty period?	Td
How long must I wait for my connection?	Td
How long should I take the medicine?	Td
How long should it rain?	Td
How long should my air last?	Td
How long till we get there?	Td
How long will it take to find my luggage?	Td
How long will it take to handle my complaint?	Td
How long will it take you?	Td
How long will it take?	Td
How long will the huge storm continue to paralyze a campaign that is racing toward its conclusion?	Td
How long will the transfer take?	Td
How long will the treatment take?	Td
How long will the weather hold?	Td
How lucky can you get?	Td
How many ants would an anteater eat, if an anteater could eat ants?	Td
How many beers have you had?	Td
How many children do they have?	Td
How many fishing rods can I use at the same time?	Td
How many languages do you speak?	Td
How many litres can the bottle hold?	Td
How many miles are included in the price?	Td
How many miles is it?	Td
How many more stops from here is it?	Td
How many of you are there?	Td
How many parts does it consist of?	Td
How many people are coming?	Td
How many people think like you?	Td
How many people will be there?	Td
How many pull-ups can you do?	Td
How many stops is it from here?	Td
How many times a day should I take it?	Td
How many times a week do you meet?	Td
How many times can we hear someone claim to be awesome before we start questioning that awesomeness ourselves?	Td
How many times did you meet?	Td
How many times had immigration agents questioned my legality and my humanity?	Td
How many times must I say it?	Td
How many years do you go out before potential becomes underachiever?	Td
How much are fifty balls on a driving range?	Td
How much are the theatre tickets?	Td
How much are tickets?	Td
How much can it hold?	Td
How much can we cash in on it?	Td
How much could it cost?	Td
How much did they charge for it?	Td
How much did you spend?	Td
How much do I owe you?	Td
How much do you charge for a minute of waiting time?	Td
How much do you charge for a page?	Td
How much do you charge per kilometer?	Td
How much do you intend to spend on it?	Td
How much do you make a month?	Td
How much do you make a year?	Td
How much do you temper sympathy with congratulations?	Td
How much do you weigh?	Td
How much does it cost to hire a professional organizer?	Td
How much does it cost?	Td
How much does it make?	Td
How much does it pay?	Td
How much does it weigh?	Td
How much does this dumbbell weigh?	Td
How much is a beer here?	Td
How much is a room for two people per night?	Td
How much is a seven-day fishing permit?	Td
How much is an adult ticket?	Td
How much is half-fare?	Td
How much is it altogether?	Td
How much is it per day?	Td
How much is it per night?	Td
How much is it per week?	Td
How much is it?	Td
How much is jet ski rental?	Td
How much is one ride?	Td
How much is such a trip?	Td
How much is the admission fee?	Tu
How much is the cancellation fee?	Td
How much is the electricity per day?	Td
How much is the excess baggage fee?	Td
How much is the rental for one hour?	Td
How much is the rental per day?	Td
How much is the ticket?	Td
How much is this city map?	Tu
How much longer must I wait?	Td
How much money do you have left?	Td
How much money have you got?	Td
How much money should I change?	Td
How much more work do you have to do?	Td
How much older is he?	Td
How much should I withdraw?	Td
How much taller is he?	Td
How much time do we have?	Td
How much was it?	Td
How much will it approximately cost?	Td
How much will it cost?	Td
How much will you bet?	Td
How much would a new battery cost?	Td
How much would be an all-day rental of this yacht?	Td
How much would it be to the airport?	Td
How much would the bail be?	Td
How often do I need check ups?	Td
How often do you go there?	Td
How often do you see him?	Td
How often do you travel abroad?	Td
How often does he come?	Td
How old are you, daddy?	Td
How old are you, mother?	Td
How old are you?	Td
How old is he?	Td
How should I know?	Td
How should I report someone burning trash or a bonfire?	Td
How should I take his remark?	Td
How should I use it?	Td
How tall are you?	Td
How tall is he?	Td
How to remove stains from the tablecloth?	Td
How was I supposed to know?	Td
How was it, you said?	Td
How was your journey?	Td
How wide is it?	Td
How will the tyres perform in winter?	Td
How would you classify this plant?	Td
How would you describe it?	Td
How you doin'?	Td
How's life?	Td
How's the old lady?	Td
How's this car going to perform on ice?	Td
How's your old lady?	Td
I beg your pardon?	Tu
I liked the idea of traveling so spontaneously, but without reservations, would I end up in a fleabag, or worse, with no room at all?	Td
I'll be back in a week, all right?	Tu
I'm fine. And you?	Tu
I'm going to the soccer game. Will you join me?	Tu
If Anderson is guilty, how did a man of undisputed intelligence, with influential friends, display such recklessness?	Td
If I stop paying spousal support, can my ex-wife garnishee my Social Security, company pension or my IRA?	Tu
If given the opportunity, would they switch from saccharin to aspartame, use a saccharine and aspartame combination or keep their present saccharin formulation?	Td
If not now, when?	Tu
In retrospect, despite your bellyaching about multilateralism and weapons of mass destruction, can you bring yourself to admit Iraq is better off without Saddam Hussein?	Tu
Is a guide included in the price?	Tu
Is affirmative action, for example, a bestowal of special privilege or a necessary remedy of centuries of unequal opportunity?	Td
Is any other insurance included in the price?	Tu
Is anybody using this computer?	Tu
Is anything wrong?	Tu
Is breakfast included in the price?	Tu
Is diving allowed here?	Tu
Is he a genius or a jackass, fiend or fathead?	Td
Is he alive?	Tu
Is he around?	Tu
Is he single or married?	Td
Is he still alive?	Tu
Is he telling the truth?	Tu
Is he the comet with the flattop haircut?	Tu
Is it OK for you?	Tu
Is it a direct flight?	Tu
Is it a transfer ticket?	Tu
Is it a travelog of Italy, England, Switzerland, Russia and Germany?	Tu
Is it allowed?	Tu
Is it better to have a mountain bike for this route?	Tu
Is it boiling yet?	Tu
Is it cheaper to buy a round-trip ticket right away?	Tu
Is it clear now?	Tu
Is it contagious?	Tu
Is it ever appropriate for a grandmother to expect payment to baby-sit her grandchildren?	Tu
Is it far from here?	Tu
Is it five already?	Tu
Is it for me?	Tu
Is it for sure?	Tu
Is it frosty here at night?	Tu
Is it going to be a big wedding?	Tu
Is it going to hurt?	Tu
Is it him?	Tu
Is it his car?	Tu
Is it humanly possible?	Tu
Is it me or is Texas receiver Roy Williams the most overrated player in college football?	Td
Is it me or is it cold?	Td
Is it memory card included?	Tu
Is it possible at all?	Tu
Is it possible to climb to the top of the tower?	Tu
Is it possible to climb to the very top?	Tu
Is it possible to get there by car as well?	Tu
Is it possible to get there without a guide?	Tu
Is it possible to go to the upper deck?	Tu
Is it possible to rent a bike here?	Tu
Is it possible to rent a boat?	Tu
Is it possible to rent climbing equipment here?	Tu
Is it possible to sound crusty or confessional electronically?	Tu
Is it possible?	Tu
Is it repaired yet?	Tu
Is it right for me?	Tu
Is it safe to leave our stuff in the tent?	Tu
Is it serious?	Tu
Is it still raining?	Tu
Is it to your liking?	Tu
Is it understood?	Tu
Is it urgent?	Tu
Is it warm outside?	Tu
Is it working yet?	Tu
Is it worth it?	Tu
Is it wrong to say no when someone asks you to be a godparent?	Tu
Is it you?	Tu
Is living in the city better than living in the country?	Tu
Is our train on time?	Tu
Is overtime paid?	Tu
Is rock climbing allowed here?	Tu
Is she adulterer, stalker, shoplifter or merely gadabout fruitcake?	Td
Is she your wife?	Tu
Is something the matter?	Tu
Is something wrong with it?	Tu
Is spearfishing allowed here?	Tu
Is that a fact?	Tu
Is that for us?	Tu
Is that it?	Tu
Is that the time?	Tu
Is that why she left him?	Tu
Is the belay necessary?	Tu
Is the clock accurate?	Tu
Is the date still on?	Tu
Is the deposit refundable?	Tu
Is the gas included in the price?	Tu
Is the new cop on the securities beat armed with a peashooter?	Tu
Is the news credible?	Tu
Is the picture straight?	Tu
Is the ski pass valid for all of these pistes?	Tu
Is the terrain rough?	Tu
Is the trail suitable for older people?	Tu
Is the water safe to drink?	Tu
Is there a clothes horse here?	Tu
Is there a department store near here?	Tu
Is there a gas station near here?	Tu
Is there a gas station nearby?	Tu
Is there a hospital near here?	Tu
Is there a nearer airport?	Tu
Is there a non-smoking area here?	Tu
Is there a nude beach around here?	Tu
Is there a park near here?	Tu
Is there a payphone here?	Tu
Is there a pharmacy near here?	Tu
Is there a place to eat near here?	Tu
Is there a place to go here?	Tu
Is there a place with a view of the city?	Tu
Is there a playing field around here?	Tu
Is there a printer here?	Tu
Is there a risk of encountering some dangerous animals?	Tu
Is there a shower in our room?	Tu
Is there a ski rental here?	Tu
Is there a sleeping car?	Tu
Is there a subway station near here?	Tu
Is there a swimming pool or lido near here?	Tu
Is there a ticket machine near here?	Tu
Is there a universally attractive house, or is it all a matter of individual taste, particular predilection, class preference and acculturation?	Td
Is there a way to quickly, safely and thoroughly delete unwanted programs?	Tu
Is there air conditioning here?	Tu
Is there an 18-hole golf course around here?	Tu
Is there an Internet café around here?	Tu
Is there an admission charge?	Tu
Is there any commentary during the cruise?	Tu
Is there any diving school around here?	Tu
Is there any extra charge for pets?	Tu
Is there any lookout point near here?	Tu
Is there any other way to get there?	Tu
Is there any point in it?	Tu
Is there any private accommodation here?	Tu
Is there any theme bar near here?	Tu
Is there any truth to the belief that an egg can be stood on its end during the equinox?	Tu
Is there any waterpark around here?	Tu
Is there any way to do it?	Tu
Is there any way to respectfully and tactfully respond their comments or redirect the conversation?	Tu
Is there anybody around here who can help me fix it?	Tu
Is there anybody here?	Tu
Is there anything else I can do for you?	Tu
Is there anything left for me?	Tu
Is there anything that can be done through the Realtor organization?	Tu
Is there avalanche danger here?	Tu
Is there enough snow?	Tu
Is there life on other planets?	Tu
Is there public Internet access in the library?	Tu
Is there some refreshment available on board?	Tu
Is there something between you two?	Tu
Is there something going on between them?	Tu
Is this a misprint that increases the value of the coin?	Tu
Is this a stopover flight?	Tu
Is this a two passenger jet ski?	Tu
Is this amount refundable?	Tu
Is this anybody's?	Tu
Is this exam necessary in my case?	Tu
Is this one reduced too?	Tu
Is this seat free?	Tu
Is this table free?	Tu
Is this the room service?	Tu
Is this voyage autobiography or historiography, a kind of docudrama or fiction?	Td
Is this your first time here?	Tu
Isn't it a bit too much?	Tu
Isn't it too expensive?	Tu
Isn't it too heavy for you?	Tu
Isn't it too strong?	Tu
Isn't that so?	Tu
Isn't this yours?	Tu
It doesn't matter, does it?	Tu
It wasn't him, was it?	Tu
It's cold, isn't it?	Tu
It's crazy, isn't it?	Tu
It's true, isn't it?	Tu
Let's go, shall we?	Tu
Like what's a sacred cow, shutterbug, social butterfly or mouse potato?	Td
Look, what are you doing?	Td
Looking for a little more oomph on the interest you earn on your old-fashioned savings account?	Tu
May I ask for your attention?	Tu
May I ask you for something?	Tu
May I ask you something?	Tu
May I come along?	Tu
May I come in?	Tu
May I enter?	Tu
May I go now?	Tu
May I go?	Tu
May I have this dance?	Tu
May I interrupt you for a minute?	Tu
May I join you?	Tu
May I leave the state with the car?	Tu
May I offer you tea or coffee?	Tu
May I open the window?	Tu
May I pour you some more?	Tu
May I smoke here?	Tu
May I sunbathe topless here?	Tu
May I use your phone?	Tu
May I?	Tu
May we come in?	Tu
Meaning yes?	Tu
Must I change trains?	Tu
Must I go to the hospital?	Tu
Must I pay duty for it?	Tu
Need I go on?	Tu
Need I say more?	Tu
Need to wrangle a bangle for the rodeo?	Tu
No bells ringing?	Tu
No kidding?	Td
No offence, but why are you doing it?	Td
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip?	Tu
Now just what do you want to know?	Td
Now you remember?	Tu
Now, you do have to purchase seven nights at various hotels participating in the promotion, but airfare to Hawaii?	Tu
OK?	Tu
Oh yes?	Tu
Okay then?	Tu
Or do the hearing-impaired have a right to rear their children within a somewhat separatist subculture?	Tu
Or had he wisely and resourcefully found a happiness beyond the grueling regime he once obeyed as a touring virtuoso?	Tu
Or have they already devised one?	Tu
Or is it mixing sexual perversity with political exhibitionism?	Tu
Or maybe a cute little hedgehog, ferret, chimpanzee, tarantula or boa constrictor?	Tu
Or what if Romney pulled open a panel in his chest revealing that he is, in fact, an android?	Td
Or, to put it another way, what is their motivation?	Td
Or, to put it more bluntly, will whites vote for black candidates?	Tu
Otherwise, why was her beauty undiminished on those occasions when she looked puffy or drugged or chubby or haggard or silly or exhausted?	Td
Pardon me?	Tu
Plus, why would you ever want to give someone a practice rep on anything?	Td
Really?	Tu
Right?	Tu
Rinse the green beans, marinate the eggplant, handle those Parmesan cups carefully, will ya?	Tu
Say what?	Tu
Says who?	Td
Scared a slick CEO might sweet-talk you out of your retirement nest egg?	Tu
Shall I carry you?	Tu
Shall I do it?	Tu
Shall I drive?	Tu
Shall I get you a chair?	Tu
Shall I put on the CD?	Tu
Shall I take it with me?	Tu
Shall we dance?	Tu
Shall we go for a walk?	Tu
Shall we go out tonight?	Tu
Shall we go to my place?	Tu
Shall we meet next Wednesday?	Tu
Shall we play doubles?	Tu
Shall we see each other again?	Tu
Shall we sit at the bar?	Tu
Shall we swap places?	Tu
Shall we wait or go elsewhere?	Td
Shall we walk?	Tu
Should I call him?	Tu
Should I do it?	Tu
Should I go with a 6 or 7 iron?	Td
Should I leave my stuff in the car?	Tu
Should I leave or not?	Td
Should I turn the TV off?	Tu
Should I turn the computer off?	Tu
Should I turn the heating up? Are you cold?	Tu
So how did you do?	Td
So how does it feel to be the judge, jury and executioner?	Td
So how will playing in high school, college, or even youth football leagues affect brain development?	Td
So to answer the question - is there a difference between liberalism and progressivism?	Tu
So tomorrow week?	Tu
So what accounts for the paucity of black musicians evident to any concertgoer?	Td
So what do you think?	Td
So what does this mean for the moviegoer?	Td
So what is the problem?	Td
So what's the big deal?	Td
So what?	Tu
So, what do you say now?	Td
Some tea or coffee?	Tu
Something with bragging rights, something that would make friends ooh and aah?	Tu
Somewhere in those immense numbers, might there not be room for a couple of science projects that would forever enrich and edify humanity?	Tu
Sorry, what was your name again?	Td
Sorry?	Tu
Still, who cares?	Td
Such an impulsive act is no recommendation, but is it emblematic or merely anecdotal?	Td
Such as?	Tu
Suppose I did come, would you pay me?	Tu
That far?	Tu
That much?	Tu
The more relevant question is whether are we drifting as people, as a culture, as inhabitants of a planet we are blithely destroying?	Td
The one with the tic in the speedometer so its top speed is either 45 or 85?	Tu
The ring with the terrible power that causes everyone who comes near it to overact?	Tu
There are so many problems here at home, why dump money into some foreign hellhole?	Td
There are some stories that are so outrageous, why would you want to fictionalize them?	Td
They show us how ugly we can be, how poisonous and ill, so we may recoil and say, Whoa, you know what?	Tu
This begs the question: Was it an accident?	Tu
To be or not to be?	Td
To what extent?	Td
Until when should I wait?	Td
WHY WOULD THE people of Minnesota elect such a world-class bozo?	Td
Wait, who's this?	Td
Was he fiend or angel, genius or destroyer, future master of the long haul or predestined burnout?	Td
Was it always like this?	Tu
Was it at your place?	Tu
Was it really necessary for the Chicago police to strip-search women arrested for traffic violations?	Tu
Was she admitted to university?	Tu
Was there ever a more malignant and extraordinary hallucination?	Tu
Water main break taps murky issue Who pays repair bills for cleanup?	Td
We are in a depression, and we are supposed to ooh and ah as destructive machines of death do acrobatics above the Bay?	Tu
Well then, is it a deal?	Tu
Well then?	Tu
Well, how much longer?	Td
Well, then?	Td
Well, what can I say to that?	Td
Were city officials guilty of callousness or nonfeasance?	Tu
What Internet browser should I use?	Td
What about a swim?	Tu
What about going to a concert?	Td
What about the Peripatetic Patriot Act of 2003?	Td
What about the left over food?	Td
What all is missing?	Td
What am I supposed to do with it?	Td
What am I supposed to do?	Td
What am I to do with it?	Td
What are the advantages of this solution?	Td
What are the charges against me?	Td
What are the odds of finding him?	Td
What are the opening hours?	Td
What are the safety precautions?	Td
What are the visiting hours?	Td
What are the working conditions?	Td
What are their survival chances?	Td
What are they doing there?	Td
What are we going to do now?	Td
What are you afraid of?	Td
What are you blaming me for?	Td
What are you cooking?	Td
What are you doing here?	Td
What are you doing tomorrow night?	Td
What are you doing tonight?	Td
What are you doing with it?	Td
What are you driving at?	Td
What are you eating?	Td
What are you going to wear?	Td
What are you interested in?	Td
What are you laughing at?	Td
What are you looking at?	Td
What are you looking for?	Td
What are you planning for tonight?	Td
What are you playing at?	Td
What are you reading?	Td
What are you studying?	Td
What are you talking about?	Td
What are you trying to achieve this way?	Td
What are you trying to achieve?	Td
What are you trying to do?	Td
What are you trying to say?	Td
What are you up to?	Td
What are you watching?	Td
What are you writing?	Td
What are your feelings for each other?	Td
What are your feelings for him?	Td
What are your hobbies?	Td
What are your measurements?	Td
What are your plans for the future?	Td
What attitude did they adopt?	Td
What better way is there to close the gap between middle-class privilege and opportunities and lower-class despair and isolation?	Td
What bothers you about it?	Td
What brings you here?	Td
What can I do for you?	Td
What can I do to reverse the crystallization?	Td
What can I offer you?	Td
What can I say to that?	Td
What can you do?	Td
What can you see in the picture?	Td
What can you tell me about prednisone, and what else can I do for my arthritis?	Td
What color is it?	Td
What colour do you want?	Td
What could you say to that?	Td
What crawled up your ass?	Td
What date is it today?	Td
What day is it today?	Td
What day is it tomorrow?	Td
What did I do to you?	Td
What did he actually do there?	Td
What did he die of?	Td
What did he say?	Td
What did she wear?	Td
What did we have for homework?	Td
What did you achieve with this?	Td
What did you dream about?	Td
What did you get yourself into?	Td
What did you hope to achieve?	Td
What did you say they talked about?	Td
What did you say?	Td
What did you talk about?	Td
What did you use to open it?	Td
What difficulty level is it?	Td
What do I get from it?	Td
What do cats eat?	Td
What do we do now?	Td
What do you believe is the biggest misperception that the American people have about you as a man and a candidate?	Td
What do you call it?	Td
What do you do for a living?	Td
What do you drink?	Td
What do you eat for lunch?	Td
What do you enjoy doing?	Td
What do you expect from it?	Td
What do you expect from life?	Td
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?	Td
What do you have in mind?	Td
What do you have on for tomorrow?	Td
What do you have on tap?	Td
What do you intend to do?	Td
What do you like best?	Td
What do you like doing best?	Td
What do you like to do?	Td
What do you mean by that?	Td
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct?	Td
What do you mean you can't?	Td
What do you mean?	Td
What do you need?	Td
What do you read?	Td
What do you recommend?	Td
What do you say to that?	Td
What do you suggest?	Td
What do you think of it?	Td
What do you think of that?	Td
What do you think?	Td
What do you want from me?	Td
What do you want to do about it?	Td
What do you wish for?	Td
What do you wish?	Td
What documents do I need?	Td
What does Israel have against Tyre and its inhabitants?	Td
What does he want from me?	Td
What does it feel like?	Td
What does it have to do with it?	Td
What does it imply?	Td
What does it indicate?	Td
What does it look like?	Td
What does it mean for me?	Td
What does it mean?	Td
What does it run on?	Td
What does it serve for?	Td
What does it show?	Td
What does it taste like?	Td
What does she look like?	Td
What does she want from you?	Td
What does the insurance cover?	Td
What does the law say?	Td
What does the tour include?	Td
What does the word mean?	Td
What does this have to do with it?	Td
What don't you like about it?	Td
What effect will it have on children?	Td
What else can I do?	Td
What else can he do?	Td
What else did you expect?	Td
What else?	Td
What evidence do you have against me?	Td
What exactly do you have in mind?	Td
What exactly would the job involve?	Td
What exams will I need?	Td
What floor do you live on?	Td
What gave you that idea?	Td
What gives you that idea?	Td
What goes in here?	Td
What good is it?	Td
What good will it do?	Td
What got into you?	Td
What happened to the ponytail mojo of 1996?	Td
What happened to you?	Td
What has happened?	Td
What has taken you so long?	Td
What have I done to you?	Td
What have I done wrong?	Td
What have you been doing here?	Td
What have you done or accomplished to earn my vote in 2012?	Td
What have you done?	Td
What if Jeanne failed him?	Td
What if an avatar blew the lid off, I dunno, troll abuse, using confidential sources?	Td
What if she did not come to the rock?	Td
What impression do you get from it?	Td
What inspired him to change his name?	Td
What is bothering you?	Td
What is expected of me?	Td
What is he up to?	Td
What is included in the price?	Td
What is it about gardening in Houston that makes competent homeowners feel queasy at the thought of planting flowers around the mailbox?	Td
What is it about?	Td
What is it for?	Td
What is it good for?	Td
What is it like?	Td
What is it supposed to be?	Td
What is it supposed to mean?	Td
What is it that makes you want to reach out and touch the impossible image of a hologram?	Td
What is it?	Td
What is its weight?	Td
What is she like?	Td
What is the access password here?	Td
What is the crossing time?	Td
What is the date today?	Td
What is the difference between these two?	Td
What is the matter?	Td
What is the maximum diving depth for a recreational diver like myself?	Td
What is the meaning of life?	Td
What is the motivation for a program in interactive telecommunications?	Td
What is the name of that mountain?	Td
What is the name of the stop?	Td
What is the name of this street?	Td
What is the next stop?	Td
What is the origin of the name and what is the correct pronunciation?	Td
What is the point of all this juicy kissing anyhow?	Td
What is the price for a car and two passengers?	Td
What is the risk of infection?	Td
What is the route back there like?	Td
What is the signification of this peaceful revolution?	Td
What is the solution for satisfying intercourse for both partners if anger exists in their relationship?	Td
What is the speed limit here?	Td
What is the towing service number?	Td
What is the weather forecast for today?	Td
What is the weather like in your country now?	Td
What is troubling you?	Td
What is worrying you?	Td
What is wrong with the TV?	Td
What is your age?	Td
What is your family relationship?	Td
What is your favourite meal?	Td
What is your name?	Td
What is your weight?	Td
What is your wish?	Td
What kept you so long?	Td
What kind of bullshit is this?	Td
What kind of material is it?	Td
What kind of moron management changes a perfectly nice uniform after back-to-back world championships?	Td
What kind of music do you listen to?	Td
What kind of person do you think I am?	Td
What kind of person is he?	Td
What kind of question is this?	Td
What kind of world is this where tradition leads to fratricide in the name of order?	Td
What language would you prefer?	Td
What languages do you speak besides German?	Td
What life is this?	Td
What made him do it?	Td
What made you change your mind?	Td
What made you do it?	Td
What makes you think so?	Td
What means of transportation should I take then?	Td
What more can one ask for?	Td
What more can you ask for?	Td
What muscles does this exercise work?	Td
What numbers came out in the draw?	Td
What of it?	Td
What other profession would be structured to disregard expertise, to boot out the competent, the incompetent and the indifferent so arbitrarily?	Td
What part of the United States is your home?	Td
What place did he finish in?	Td
What planet are you on?	Td
What possessed you?	Td
What price fame?	Td
What remains in the car?	Td
What resolution does the camera have?	Td
What school do you go to?	Td
What shall we do about it?	Td
What shall we start with?	Td
What should I do in case of problems?	Td
What should I do?	Td
What should the punishment be for acts like cyberbullying and online humiliation?	Td
What should we definitely see?	Td
What should we take with us?	Td
What size do you wear?	Td
What size is it?	Td
What sort of a person is that?	Td
What stamp do I need for the Czech Republic?	Td
What stand did they take?	Td
What starting salary can I expect?	Td
What station do you want to listen to?	Td
What teams are playing tonight?	Td
What the hell is he doing?	Td
What the hell was she doing in Paris anyway, and what was she doing with this bozo?	Td
What time do the shops close?	Td
What time do we land?	Td
What time do we set off?	Td
What time do you finish work?	Td
What time do you get up?	Td
What time do you knock off?	Td
What time do you lock up at night?	Td
What time do you start work?	Td
What time do you usually get up?	Td
What time does it start?	Td
What time does my plane take off?	Td
What time does the bus for Zagreb leave?	Td
What time does the game start?	Td
What time does the hotel bar open?	Td
What time does the train leave?	Td
What time is breakfast served?	Td
What time is it?	Td
What time is the departure?	Td
What time is the train due?	Td
What time is your bus due?	Td
What time should we meet?	Td
What time will he come?	Td
What time will you be there?	Td
What took you so long?	Td
What use is it?	Td
What was I saying?	Td
What was he phoning for, anyway?	Td
What was his reply to it?	Tu
What was she wearing?	Td
What was the final score?	Td
What was the object of that international jollification?	Td
What was the object of your little sensation?	Td
What was your general impression?	Td
What was your reason for doing it?	Td
What were you thinking?	Td
What will I need?	Td
What will airport security adduce, as a reason other than ethnic background, to justify special curiosity?	Td
What will people say?	Td
What will the weather be like?	Td
What will you achieve this way?	Td
What will you do with the money?	Td
What will you have for lunch?	Td
What will you have to drink?	Td
What word in English can be a noun, verb, adjective, adverb or preposition?	Td
What would happen if I told him?	Td
What would you advise me to do?	Td
What would you advise?	Td
What would you like to drink?	Td
What would you like?	Td
What's behind it?	Td
What's bothering you?	Td
What's bringing you here?	Td
What's come over him?	Td
What's come over you?	Td
What's eating you?	Td
What's going on here?	Td
What's going on?	Td
What's got into him?	Td
What's got into you?	Td
What's his deal?	Td
What's his point?	Td
What's in it for me?	Td
What's making the sounds?	Td
What's my account balance?	Td
What's my holiday entitlement?	Tu
What's on TV tonight?	Td
What's on TV?	Td
What's on at the cinema?	Td
What's on tap here?	Td
What's on your mind?	Td
What's on?	Td
What's so strange about it?	Td
What's taking them so long?	Td
What's that grub-thief got to do with it?	Td
What's that long face about?	Td
What's that smell?	Td
What's that?	Td
What's the active ingredient in this medicine?	Td
What's the address of this place?	Td
What's the baggage allowance per person?	Td
What's the best bait for catfish?	Td
What's the bet?	Td
What's the capital of Iceland?	Td
What's the car's horsepower?	Td
What's the catch?	Td
What's the damage?	Td
What's the date today?	Td
What's the date?	T
What's the exchange rate?	Td
What's the highest mountain in the world?	Td
What's the hurry?	Td
What's the insurance limit here?	Td
What's the lesson to be learned from this?	Td
What's the magic word?	Td
What's the matter with him?	Td
What's the matter with you?	Td
What's the matter?	Td
What's the name of the stop where I should get off?	Td
What's the next station?	Td
What's the point of it?	Td
What's the point?	Td
What's the problem?	Td
What's the profit?	Td
What's the purpose of your visit?	Td
What's the score?	Td
What's the tank capacity?	Td
What's the temperature at one thousand metres?	Td
What's the time?	Td
What's the top speed of it?	Td
What's the total?	Td
What's the use?	Td
What's to eat?	Td
What's up?	Td
What's worrying you?	Td
What's wrong with him?	Td
What's wrong with it?	Td
What's wrong with that?	Td
What's your account number?	Td
What's your address?	Td
What's your deal?	Td
What's your e-mail address?	Td
What's your explanation?	Td
What's your favorite color?	Td
What's your favourite band?	Td
What's your height?	Td
What's your job?	Td
What's your opinion of that?	Td
What's your point of view?	Td
What's your poison?	Td
What's your problem?	Td
What's your shoe size?	Td
What's your take on that?	Td
What, then, does prime time insinuate about the currently blazing issue of sexual harassment?	Td
When are they coming?	Td
When are we going to cross the border?	Td
When are we going to land?	Td
When can I come?	Td
When can I expect to have my luggage back?	Td
When can I reach her?	Td
When can you come for an interview?	Td
When can you start?	Td
When could I start?	Td
When did it happen?	Td
When did the world come into existence?	Td
When did they arrive?	Td
When did you see her last?	Td
When did you send the e-mail?	Td
When do I breathe in?	Td
When do I have to return the car?	Td
When do we meet?	Td
When do we start open water dives?	Td
When do you close?	Td
When do you go to work?	Td
When do you start?	Td
When do you want to have it back?	Td
When every last whistle-stop and handshake is thoroughly documented in print and on television, can there be anything more for a film maker to find?	Tu
When is it my turn?	Td
When is it over?	Td
When is the first stopover?	Td
When is the lunch break?	Td
When is the next ferry?	Td
When shall we meet?	Td
When shall we take a break?	Td
When should I be there?	Td
When should I get off?	Td
When should I take it?	Td
When should he come back?	Td
When was the church built?	Td
When was the last time a campus official violated this fealty to leftist orthodoxy?	Td
When was the last time that you ate a mango or papaya, a kiwi, guava or a pomegranate?	Td
When were you born?	Td
When will I know the results of the tests?	Td
When will he be back?	Td
When will he come?	Td
When will it be over?	Td
When will it be ready?	Td
When will it stop?	Td
When will the court be free?	Td
When will they come?	Td
When will you arrive?	Td
When will you be back?	Td
When will you be free?	Td
When will you come to see us?	Td
When will you come?	Td
When will you discharge me?	Td
When will you finish it?	Td
When will you grow up?	Td
When would suit you?	Td
When's the next train to Vienna?	Td
Where are our seats?	Td
Where are the garbage containers here?	Td
Where are the papers?	Td
Where are the showers?	Td
Where are the suntan lotions?	Td
Where are the toilets on board?	Td
Where are they? Where indeed?	Td
Where are we actually going?	Td
Where are we going to sleep?	Td
Where are we? What station is this?	Td
Where are you calling from?	Td
Where are you from?	Td
Where are you going on holiday?	Td
Where are you going on vacation?	Td
Where are you going to spend your holiday?	Td
Where are you going?	Td
Where are you now?	Td
Where are you staying?	Td
Where are you?	Td
Where are your children?	Td
Where can I buy tickets?	Td
Where can I claim a VAT refund?	Td
Where can I claim compensation for lost luggage?	Td
Where can I complain about lost luggage?	Td
Where can I do some fishing around here?	Td
Where can I find a rag and a bucket?	Td
Where can I find some floor cloth?	Td
Where can I get the book?	Td
Where can I get the tickets?	Td
Where can I get tickets?	Td
Where can I park my car?	Td
Where can I reclaim my luggage?	Td
Where can I wash my hands?	Td
Where can we arrange a sightseeing tour?	Td
Where can we collect some firewood?	Td
Where can we get some info about the city?	Td
Where can we get some workout here?	Td
Where can we leave our skis?	Td
Where can we park our car?	Td
Where can we pitch our tent?	Td
Where can we rent a jet ski?	Td
Where did I go wrong?	Td
Where did he disappear to?	Td
Where did he go?	Td
Where did he put it?	Td
Where did they go?	Td
Where did you come by it?	Td
Where did you come by this?	Td
Where did you get it?	Td
Where did you get that?	Td
Where did you hide it?	Td
Where did you learn it?	Td
Where did you meet him?	Td
Where did you meet?	Td
Where did you pick her up?	Td
Where did you put it?	Td
Where did you put the book?	Td
Where did you see her first?	Td
Where did you spring from?	Td
Where did you study?	Td
Where did you two meet?	Td
Where do I check in?	Td
Where do I find the jack?	Td
Where do I go for the exam?	Td
Where do I know you from?	Td
Where do the sightseeing cruises start?	Td
Where do we get off?	Td
Where do you develop your films?	Td
Where do you get these ideas?	Td
Where do you get those ideas?	Td
Where do you go in the summer?	Td
Where do you live?	Td
Where do you work?	Td
Where does he study?	Td
Where does it hurt?	Td
Where does the chair go to?	Td
Where does the river run?	Td
Where does this bus go?	Td
Where does this go?	Td
Where does this road go to?	Td
Where does this train go?	Td
Where else if not here?	Td
Where else?	Td
Where exactly are we going?	Td
Where exactly are you going to tow my car?	Td
Where has he come from?	Td
Where have you been all day?	Td
Where have you been?	Td
Where is a sick bag?	Td
Where is he? Where indeed?	Td
Where is it?	Td
Where is our liberty lager, our patriotic Pilsner, our red, white and blue stripe?	Td
Where is our room?	Td
Where is the dining car?	Td
Where is the draught coming from?	Td
Where is the drugstore here?	Td
Where is the fuse box?	Td
Where is the hotel restaurant?	Td
Where is the left luggage office?	Td
Where is the nearest ATM?	Td
Where is the nearest accommodation facility?	Td
Where is the nearest campground?	Td
Where is the nearest car service?	Td
Where is the nearest hospital?	Td
Where is the nearest hypermarket?	Td
Where is the nearest mailbox?	Tu
Where is the nearest marina?	Td
Where is the nearest parking lot?	Td
Where is the nearest pay phone?	Td
Where is the nearest police station?	Td
Where is the nearest railroad station?	Td
Where is the next nearest ski lift?	Td
Where is the rest room, please?	Td
Where is the ship's bureau de change?	Td
Where is the switch?	Td
Where shall I drop you off?	Td
Where shall I get off?	Td
Where shall I pay for it?	Td
Where shall I put it?	Td
Where shall we go tomorrow evening?	Td
Where shall we meet?	Td
Where should I punch the ticket?	Td
Where should I save the file?	Td
Where should I sign it?	Td
Where was I?	Td
Where was it?	Td
Where were you last time?	Td
Where were you?	Td
Where would you like to go?	Td
Where would you like to sit?	Td
Where's the best place to fish?	Td
Where's the checkout counter?	Td
Where's the fitting room?	Td
Where, in other words, is the invisible linguistic threshold between hermetic isolation and communication?	Td
Which application should I use to open the file?	Td
Which architect designed it?	Td
Which board should I go with?	Td
Which bus number do I take to get there?	Td
Which computer can I use?	Td
Which counter is for posting parcels?	Td
Which factors determine human character?	Td
Which iron should I use now?	Td
Which is the shortest way to the hill over there?	Td
Which local sights do you recommend?	Td
Which means you are not going there?	Tu
Which of them is yours?	Td
Which one do you recommend?	Td
Which one do you want?	Td
Which one is the biggest?	Td
Which one is the largest?	Td
Which one of you is coming?	Td
Which one will you take?	Td
Which piste do you recommend for advanced skiers?	Td
Which piste is the longest?	Td
Which teller window should I use?	Td
Which way did he go?	Td
Which way shall we take?	Td
Which year are you in?	Td
Who am I dealing with?	Td
Who am I speaking with?	Td
Who are those people?	Td
Who are you going with?	Td
Who are you kidding?	Td
Who are you looking for?	Td
Who are you talking about?	Td
Who are you trying to kid?	Td
Who are you waiting for?	Td
Who are you?	Td
Who authorized that?	Td
Who benefited from it?	Td
Who benefits from it?	Td
Who can jump the highest?	Td
Who cares?	Td
Who caused it?	Td
Who composed this opera?	Td
Who could have done it?	Td
Who could have suspected this?	Td
Who could help us?	Td
Who did you get it from?	Td
Who did you give it to?	Td
Who did you last call?	Td
Who do you root for?	Td
Who do you side with?	Td
Who do you think I am?	Td
Who do you think you are?	Td
Who do you want to speak to?	Td
Who do you want to speak with?	Td
Who do you want to talk to?	Td
Who do you work for?	Td
Who does it belong to?	Td
Who does the household chores in your house?	Td
Who else if not him?	Td
Who else?	Td
Who gave it to you?	Td
Who gave you that advice?	Td
Who gave you the permission?	Td
Who had the right of way?	Td
Who has been tampering with my PC?	Td
Who has broken the window?	Td
Who has brought the flowers?	Td
Who has ever seen it?	Td
Who has not experienced the thrill of biophilia?	Td
Who is absent?	Td
Who is at fault?	Td
Who is getting married?	Td
Who is going to be the next president?	Td
Who is going to replace him?	Td
Who is going to take his place?	Td
Who is in charge here?	Td
Who is it?	Td
Who is on duty?	Td
Who is playing whom?	Td
Who is starring?	Td
Who is that guy?	Td
Who is that lady?	Td
Who is the strongest?	Td
Who is this?	Td
Who is to blame?	Td
Who is winning?	Td
Who knows what the next year has in store for us?	Td
Who left the light on here?	Td
Who ordered you to do this?	Td
Who put you onto this?	Td
Who scored?	Td
Who sent you here?	Td
Who should I turn to?	Td
Who started that fire?	Td
Who taught you that?	Td
Who taught you to drive?	Td
Who the devil gave it to you to be judge and jury?	Td
Who told you that?	Td
Who told you this nonsense?	Td
Who told you this?	Td
Who told you?	Td
Who was driving?	Td
Who was it?	Td
Who was she there with?	Td
Who will arrange for tickets?	Td
Who will bear the risk?	Td
Who will benefit from it?	Td
Who will get the tickets?	Td
Who will profit from it?	Td
Who will suffer the consequences of global warming?	Td
Who will you side with?	Td
Who won?	Td
Who's babysitting for you?	Td
Who's been messing with my computer?	Td
Who's forcing you?	Td
Who's gonna help me?	Td
Who's gonna pay the rest?	Td
Who's in charge of it?	Td
Who's leading?	Td
Who's next on the list?	Td
Who's responsible for it?	Td
Who's speaking?	Td
Who's taking care of it?	Td
Who's taking care of the mail?	Td
Who's that?	Td
Who's the director?	Td
Who's there?	Td
Who's turn is it?	Td
Whom should I ask?	Td
Whose child is it?	Td
Whose fault is it?	Td
Whose fault is that?	Td
Whose is it?	Td
Whose is this?	Td
Whose responsibility is this?	Td
Why all the haste?	Td
Why am I arrested?	Td
Why are liberals so tongue-tied in exposing this contradiction?	Td
Why are so many readers engrossed in books that feature such apparently uncongenial subject matter?	Td
Why are they so much less sympathetic, while Jack, for all his loutishness, is somehow engaging?	Td
Why are you asking me this?	Td
Why are you bothering to read it?	Td
Why are you crying?	Td
Why are you laughing?	Td
Why couldn't he tell me straight out?	Td
Why did it take you two weeks to throw out that bozo who declared himself mayor of Baghdad?	Td
Why did the referee not confer with the timekeeper until he had already made his decision?	Td
Why did you do it?	Td
Why did you do that?	Td
Why did you take it away from him?	Td
Why didn't they invite you?	Td
Why do I care anyway?	Td
Why do all the TV anchorwomen sit on the left side of their male counterparts?	Td
Why don't they trust us?	Td
Why don't you ask him outright?	Td
Why don't you drop by tomorrow?	Td
Why don't you try it more often?	Td
Why don't you try it yourself?	Td
Why ever not?	Td
Why expend your precious strength holding up walls that already stand up on their own?	Td
Why has our collective imagination concerning the male sex become so perverse and hallucinogenic?	Td
Why is he bringing it up now?	Td
Why is he lying to us?	Td
Why is it that even the most high-minded films have tended to romanticize acute alcoholism?	Td
Why is rock perceived as an inapt music genre?	Td
Why is there no hot water?	Td
Why just me?	Td
Why me of all people?	Td
Why not give her a call?	Td
Why not like any railroad station or ferry depot?	Td
Why not?	Td
Why on earth are they trying to make a mountain out of a molehill?	Td
Why on earth don't you take something?	Td
Why ostracize the president for saying that he wanted more Americans to have better opportunities through higher education?	Td
Why should I do it?	Td
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round?	Td
Why should we let a vile apparatchik like you escape unscathed into a comfortable old age like some aged Nazi criminal in Argentina?	Td
Why should you go there?	Td
Why was my complaint rejected?	Td
Why would any conservative collaborate with that ploy?	Td
Why would they hold animus toward the agency charged with collecting taxes from their hard-fought earnings?	Td
Why would you ever want to give someone a practice rep on anything?	Td
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil?	Td
Why, they asked, would she be interested in something so old-fashioned and uncreative?	Td
Will God use lies merely to scare men into subjection and keep the world in order?	Td
Will companies ever get their subsidies?	Tu
Will gobsmacked be a nonce word, passing through the language, soon to be forgotten?	Tu
Will he ever come back?	Tu
Will it be hard?	Tu
Will it do?	Tu
Will it hurt?	Tu
Will it stand the test of time?	Tu
Will it take long?	Tu
Will the table take my weight?	Tu
Will there be more attacks?	Tu
Will we ever forget it?	Tu
Will we make it in time?	Tu
Will you be at home for Christmas?	Tu
Will you be free tomorrow?	Tu
Will you be there to pick me up?	Tu
Will you call me sometime?	Tu
Will you come to meet me at the station?	Tu
Will you cover for me?	Tu
Will you dance with me?	Tu
Will you deliver a speech?	Tu
Will you dial the number for me?	Tu
Will you do me a favour?	Tu
Will you drive me there?	Tu
Will you fill in for me?	Tu
Will you find the way yourself?	Tu
Will you fix a flat tire?	Tu
Will you forgive me?	Tu
Will you give me a hand?	Tu
Will you give me a lift?	Tu
Will you give me a ride?	Tu
Will you give us an interview?	Tu
Will you help me do it?	Tu
Will you hold it for me?	Tu
Will you join us?	Tu
Will you keep me company?	Tu
Will you know him?	Tu
Will you lead us there?	Tu
Will you lend me some money?	Td
Will you make a speech?	Tu
Will you manage it yourself?	Tu
Will you marry me?	Tu
Will you pay by cash or cheque?	Td
Will you pick me up?	Tu
Will you recognize him?	Tu
Will you run an errand for me?	Tu
Will you see to it that it is done in time?	Tu
Will you shut up?	Tu
Will you stay overnight?	Tu
Will you take me there?	Tu
Will you take me to the city?	Tu
Will you take us there?	Tu
Will you teach me how to tee off properly?	Tu
Will you tell me when to get off?	Tu
Will you verify it for me?	Tu
With whom was she there?	Td
Worried that jeggings will make you look bigger than you really are?	Tu
Would it be possible to shorten it?	Tu
Would that hack know a Masters story for the ages if walked right up to Amen Corner on a Sunday afternoon?	Tu
Would three p.m. tomorrow be okay for you?	Tu
Would you accept it?	Tu
Would you be interested?	Tu
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me?	Tu
Would you be so kind as to open the window?	Tu
Would you believe it?	Tu
Would you believe this guy?	Tu
Would you bring me a glass?	Tu
Would you buy me a snack?	Tu
Would you care for some juice?	Tu
Would you do me a favor?	Tu
Would you fancy coming?	Tu
Would you hand me the salt?	Tu
Would you help me, please?	Tu
Would you like beer or something stronger?	Td
Would you like beer, wine or something stronger?	Td
Would you like coffee or tea?	Td
Would you like fries with that?	Tu
Would you like some more?	Tu
Would you like something to drink?	Tu
Would you like to come around?	Tu
Would you like to eat something?	Tu
Would you like to go for a drink?	Tu
Would you like to leave a message for him?	Tu
Would you like to see it?	Tu
Would you like to take a horse ride?	Tu
Would you pass me the salt?	Tu
Would you please open the window?	Tu
Would you still be interested?	Tu
Would you take me there?	Tu
Wouldn't it be better to stop?	Tu
Wouldn't it be better to wait?	Tu
Yes?	Tu
You are a rude, thoughtless little pig, okay?	Tu
You did what?	Tu
You didn't go there, did you?	Tu
You don't know me now?	Tu
You don't think I'll give it to you, do you?	Tu
You have walked this far?	Tu
You told him, didn't you?	Tu
You want a piece of me?	Tu
You were not there, were you?	Tu
You won't stay here long, will you?	Tu
You won't tell him, will you?	Tu
You work for him, right?	Tu
You wouldn't lend it to me, would you?	Tu
