Actually, why not?	Td
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill?	Td
Can you comment on that?
Could random, purposeless evolution really have transformed biotic ooze into Beethoven?
Do you ever have dreams? Td
Do you have any discounts? Tu
Do you require any qualifications? Td
Does anyone care about it?
Got a problem with that? 
In retrospect, despite your bellyaching about multilateralism and weapons of mass destruction, can you bring yourself to admit Iraq is better off without Saddam Hussein?	Td
Is this a stopover flight?	Td
Is this amount efundable?	Tu
Or have they already devised one?	Td
Or is it mixing sexual perversity with political exhibitionism?	Td
Or what if Romney pulled open a panel in his chest revealing that he is, in fact, an android?	Td
Or, to put it another way, what is their motivation?	Td
The more relevant question is whither are we drifting as people, as a culture, as inhabitants of a planet we are blithely destroying?	Td
They show us how ugly we can be, how poisonous and ill, so we may recoil and say, Whoa, you know what?	Td
WHY WOULD THE people of Minnesota elect such a world-class bozo?	Td
Water main break taps murky issue Who pays repair bills for cleanup?	Td
When was the church built?	Tu
Where can we arrange a sightseeing tour?	Tu
Which architect designed it?	Tu
Which counter is for posting parcels?	Tu
You didn't go there, did you?	Td




All right?	Tu
And as for those glasses that make him look like a myopic bullfrog?	Td
And if so, are you pigheaded, delusional, or just plain nuts?	Td
And now what?	Td
And then what?	Td
And what about him?	Td
And what about you?	Td
And?	Td
Any advance on that?	Tu
Any bite?	Tu
Any ideas?	Tu
Any luck?	Tu
Any news?	Tu
Any thoughts?	Tu
Are we all that sinless or are we just clueless?	Td
Are we ready to outwit, outplay and outlast, or do we have enough reality to deal with?	Td
Are we supposed to soothe, educate, moralize, or stupefy?	Td
At what time?	Td
But how about Sno-Cat skiing, a weekend clinic, or an overnight excursion?	Td
But if you could invent a robot that serves cocktails, could you not invent a robot that would make a superior bedmate?	Td
By what right?	Td
Do we have to pay now or on departure? Td
Do you live in an apartment building or in a house? Td
Do you think all people who dtink alcohol are neglectgul parents or alcoholic? Td
Do you use cold-pressed virgin olive oil or walnut oil? 
Do you want the smaller or the bigger one? 
Do you want to change the status;;;;
He was bursting with joy, joy over what? 
Heads or tails? 
Heck, society also needs balance;;;;
How about going to the beach? xxx how about going to the theatre? 
How come? 
How far? 
How to remove stains from the tablecloth? 
I beg your pardon? 
If given the opportunity…. 
If not now, when?	Td
Is he a genius or a jackass, fiend or fathead?	Td
Is he single or married?	Td
Is it me or is Texas receiver Roy Williams the most overrated player in college football?	Td
Is it me or is it cold?	Td
Is it possible to sound crusty or confessional electronically?	Tu
Is she adulterer, stalker, shoplifter or merely gadabout fruitcake?	Td
Is there a universally attractive house, or is it all a matter of individual taste, particular predilection, class preference and acculturation?	Td
Is this voyage autobiography or historiography, a kind of docudrama or fiction?	Td
Like what's a sacred cow, shutterbug, social butterfly or mouse potato?	Td
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip?	Td
OK?	Tu
Oh yes?	Tu
Okay then?	Tu
Pardon me?	Td
Really?	Tu
Right?	Tu
Say what?	Tu
Says who?	Td
Shall we wait or go elsewhere?	Td
Should I go with a 6 or 7 iron?	Td
Should I leave or not?	Tu
Some tea or coffee?	Tu
Sorry?	Tu
Such as?	Td
Was he fiend or angel, genius or destroyer, future master of the long haul or predestined burnout?	Td
We are in a depression, and we are supposed to ooh and ah as destructive machines of death do acrobatics above the Bay?	Tu
Well then?	Tu
Well, then?	Td
What about a swim?	Td
What about going to a concert?	Td
What about the Peripatetic Patriot Act of 2003?	Td
What about the left over food?	Td
What did you say?	Tu
What else?	Td
What if Jeanne failed him?	Td
What if an avatar blew the lid off, I dunno, troll abuse, using confidential sources?	Td
What if she did not come to the rock?	Td
What of it?	Td
What's on?	Td
Which means you are not going there?	Tu 

















